E:\Blackcoffee\Textanalysis>python execute.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\runpy.py", line 192, in _run_module_as_main
    return _run_code(code, main_globals, None,
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\runpy.py", line 85, in _run_code
    exec(code, run_globals)
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\Scripts\scrapy.exe\__main__.py", line 7, in <module>
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\site-packages\scrapy\cmdline.py", line 114, in execute
    settings = get_project_settings()
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\site-packages\scrapy\utils\project.py", line 68, in get_project_settings
    settings.setmodule(settings_module_path, priority='project')
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\site-packages\scrapy\settings\__init__.py", line 287, in setmodule
    module = import_module(module)
  File "C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\importlib\__init__.py", line 127, in import_module
    return _bootstrap._gcd_import(name[level:], package, level)
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 1014, in _gcd_import
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 991, in _find_and_load
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 961, in _find_and_load_unlocked
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 219, in _call_with_frames_removed
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 1014, in _gcd_import
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 991, in _find_and_load
  File "<frozen importlib._bootstrap>", line 973, in _find_and_load_unlocked
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'Textanalysis'
2022-07-07 01:09:21 [scrapy.utils.log] INFO: Scrapy 2.6.1 started (bot: Textanalysis)
2022-07-07 01:09:21 [scrapy.utils.log] INFO: Versions: lxml 4.9.1.0, libxml2 2.9.12, cssselect 1.1.0, parsel 1.6.0, w3lib 1.22.0, Twisted 22.4.0, Python 3.8.0 (tags/v3.8.0:fa919fd, Oct 14 2019, 19:37:50) [MSC v.1916 64 bit (AMD64)], pyOpenSSL 22.0.0 (OpenSSL 3.0.3 3 May 2022), cryptography 37.0.2, Platform Windows-10-10.0.19041-SP0
2022-07-07 01:09:21 [scrapy.crawler] INFO: Overridden settings:
{'BOT_NAME': 'Textanalysis',
 'CONCURRENT_REQUESTS': 1,
 'NEWSPIDER_MODULE': 'Textanalysis.spiders',
 'ROBOTSTXT_OBEY': True,
 'SPIDER_MODULES': ['Textanalysis.spiders']}
2022-07-07 01:09:21 [scrapy.utils.log] DEBUG: Using reactor: twisted.internet.selectreactor.SelectReactor
2022-07-07 01:09:21 [scrapy.extensions.telnet] INFO: Telnet Password: 
2022-07-07 01:09:21 [py.warnings] WARNING: C:\Users\Krishnakumar M\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python38\lib\site-packages\scrapy\extensions\feedexport.py:289: ScrapyDeprecationWarning: The `FEED_URI` and `FEED_FORMAT` settings have been deprecated in favor of the `FEEDS` setting. Please see the `FEEDS` setting docs for more details
  exporter = cls(crawler)

2022-07-07 01:09:21 [scrapy.middleware] INFO: Enabled extensions:
['scrapy.extensions.corestats.CoreStats',
 'scrapy.extensions.telnet.TelnetConsole',
 'scrapy.extensions.feedexport.FeedExporter',
 'scrapy.extensions.logstats.LogStats']
2022-07-07 01:09:22 [scrapy.middleware] INFO: Enabled downloader middlewares:
['scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.robotstxt.RobotsTxtMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.httpauth.HttpAuthMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.downloadtimeout.DownloadTimeoutMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.defaultheaders.DefaultHeadersMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.useragent.UserAgentMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.retry.RetryMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.redirect.MetaRefreshMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.httpcompression.HttpCompressionMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.redirect.RedirectMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.cookies.CookiesMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.httpproxy.HttpProxyMiddleware',
 'scrapy.downloadermiddlewares.stats.DownloaderStats']
2022-07-07 01:09:22 [scrapy.middleware] INFO: Enabled spider middlewares:
['scrapy.spidermiddlewares.httperror.HttpErrorMiddleware',
 'scrapy.spidermiddlewares.offsite.OffsiteMiddleware',
 'scrapy.spidermiddlewares.referer.RefererMiddleware',
 'scrapy.spidermiddlewares.urllength.UrlLengthMiddleware',
 'scrapy.spidermiddlewares.depth.DepthMiddleware']
2022-07-07 01:09:22 [scrapy.middleware] INFO: Enabled item pipelines:
[]
2022-07-07 01:09:22 [scrapy.core.engine] INFO: Spider opened
2022-07-07 01:09:22 [scrapy.extensions.logstats] INFO: Crawled 0 pages (at 0 pages/min), scraped 0 items (at 0 items/min)
2022-07-07 01:09:22 [scrapy.extensions.telnet] INFO: Telnet console listening on 127.0.0.1:6023
2022-07-07 01:09:23 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/robots.txt> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:24 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-telehealth-the-future-of-healthcare-3/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:24 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-telehealth-the-future-of-healthcare-3/>
{'title': 'Is telehealth the future of healthcare?', 'cont': ['Covid-19 has paved the way for advancements in Telehealth services, which have currently become a significant component of the healthcare industry to cope with the social distancing and lockdown measures, people adapted to telehealth services to avail doctor expertise.', 'Telehealth’s global market size is projected to grow to $55.6 billion by 2025 from $25.4 billion in 2020 at a CAGR of 16.9% during the period. \xa0According to the statistics provided by the Medical Council of India, the doctor-patient ratio currently is 1:2000. Such a low doctor-patient ratio results in most of the population without any access to proper healthcare facilities. The budding digital infrastructure covers the gaps created by the lack of quality hospital infrastructure and medical staff, allowing doctors to converse with patients in the far-flung rural areas, through telemedicine.', 'Telemedicine will be a major contributor to filling the current gaps in the healthcare industry, a some of the factors contributing to its growth are:', 'As internet connectivity in India is currently growing at a rapid pace of 45% as of 2021, this growth will help in further penetrating the market, thus reaching people in areas lacking healthcare facilities. This would avail quality health care services to the people, allowing for efficient and effective treatment of diseases prevalent in the area.', 'The rapid growth in Digital infrastructure has led to a booming increase in the number of healthcare startups present in India. These start-ups are dedicated to the development of disease tracking and prevention tools. Since most remote areas do not have proper medical facilities or are unable to afford quality healthcare services, these start-ups have developed tools that enable the in-need patients to connect with far-flung doctors to receive affordable medical advice without incurring huge transportation costs. Start-ups such as Practo and 1 MG provide delivery of medicines that are at times not easily available.', 'Cloud-based and AI telehealth solutions provide tools for employees and companies. These tools help in understanding the onset of diseases, current analysis of the causal factors of prominent diseases, and the most prevalent diseases in the population. Such tools better analyze the causal factors and develop prominent solutions for prevention, thus helping in better disease control for the organization and country.', 'Companies such as Tata Digital Health provide cloud-based platforms for storing and understanding patient medical records and prescriptions. These help in understanding the track record of the patient, helping doctors to prescribe suitable medicines for the disease.', 'The growing advancements in technology have enabled the creation of several wearable technologies which would help in better self-tracking of health. The onset of smart-watches and easily available medical devices has resulted in a better collection of medical data. Such devices would help understand the warning signs of certain medical diseases, analyze the trends in their progress and develop better solutions to prevent them.', 'With the improvement of medical facilities, the cost of acquiring the facilities is also growing which the majority of the Indian population cannot afford. This issue can be resolved with the advancements of telemedicine which can reduce various expenses like travel for the people which people can utilize in availing better medical practitioners.', 'The resolution of the Indian government and various state governments to improve the healthcare facilities and make them accessible to the majority of the people has led them to launch various schemes like Ayushman Bharat which provides free health insurance to the bottom 50% of the population, and Mohalla Clinic, the initiative of Delhi government to provide free medical services for everyone.', 'Lack of accuracy: ln doing online consultations the medical practitioners are not able to observe the patient properly they only have to go by what a patient tells them, which reduces the parameters of consideration for them to provide consultations.', 'Lack of awareness and trust: Most of the population is not aware of these facilities or some of those are not able to trust the technology enough to avail it.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:24 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-telehealth-and-telemedicine-helping-people-to-fight-against-covid-19-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:24 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-telehealth-and-telemedicine-helping-people-to-fight-against-covid-19-2/>
{'title': 'How Telehealth and Telemedicine helping people to fight against COVID-19', 'cont': ['The last 2 years are the most critical time in the world and to survive in that time it’s a great challenge for people. People all around the world are to be aware of this and they protect their families by maintaining the protocols. At this time online services play a great role. People all around the world can buy their daily life needs online and the providers also care for their customers, so they delivered the product to their customers by maintaining the covid-19 protocols. This online medicine service has also become popular. The people don’t need to be panicked to go out for this and they can provide the medicines to the patients at the home, and also store the necessary medicines on their own. The terms telehealth and telemedicine are used interchangeably. In remote areas to provide medicines and healthcare telehealth is used and to provide medicines at the doorsteps to the people telemedicine’s used. The technology is used for this clinic information. This technique is used for electronic communication and sharing the medicine’s information with the pharmacy directly. This concept is not new but in this situation, the use of this system has become very popular and also very useful.', 'In every world, every government gives priority to telehealth and telemedicine technology. This thing started with the medicine library, which provides the necessary medicine and also gives an idea of the use of every medicine. This technique is used for electronic communication and sharing the medicine’s information with the pharmacy directly. In every remote area, this technology provides a great role. To support the teleconnection activity department of information technology has set a standard for that so that people can use this in this critical situation.', 'Telehealth and telemedicine are different things, but the aim and purpose of these two technologies are the same, to provide healthcare services to people without any problem. This system is used for both the patient and healthcare professional education also for the public(Leite,2018). This technology aims to overcome the barriers and provide equal access to the services and the interventions. This technology helps to overcome the barrier and solve problems like adverse weather and illness. Telehealth technology is used to consult with the patient’s family about diagnosis and treatment by the service.', 'The telehealth system provides the patient’s information to various locations to provide the patient with the best treatment. This system is accessed by every unavailable service for the patient in every remote area. Telehealth removes the travel time and waiting rooms for the patients to the remote areas. for this technique, the patients can get safe ety and are too ill to travel in restricted areas.\xa0 This technology is not dependent on locations, it can work in every location. This marketing for this technology is very popular in the market and people also love to use this technology.', '\xa0This is the benefit of this technology. This technology can manage the health of the patients by self-management and through monitoring. The patients can go for a checkup in time when they can choose this thing that always gives a benefit to the patients. There are more opportunities to improve standard care with various technologies. This is more equitable to access healthcare. The clients can use the medical images for diagnosis and they can tell the doctors about their problems through video calls. If the case is very serious they don’t wait to check the doctor they can directly connect with the doctors through video calls. But in other ways, it causes some problems for the patients. With this technology they can meet various doctors each time, these things can create confusion for the patients and their families. The older patients and the child does have a family member with them for their health purpose. The patient’s and the doctor’s communication is needed to be good and they need to understand this is a part of the therapy. If they do not communicate with each other, the problem will take a long time to resolve. The most important thing is that the patient and the therapist need to use the technology properly. In time this technology will help people in many ways like that.', 'This technology has the scope to be more popular in the future. After the covid-19 situation, this technology became very popular so the care delivery services that connect the patient to the health professionals to provide using the video calls and texting, and many more. For this, accessible and affordable health care is born as people’s care. Today telehealth is bigger than everything (Rametta', '.2019).\xa0 The services provide the patients to use this properly and get their therapy not to go to the clinic and can use these things as a lucky chance for their family and also.', 'Patients always appreciate this technology and agree that this technology always helps them a lot and this is a good review to proceed with these things in the future. The most common reason is to provide the technology everywhere to the GP technology which is easy to locate the patient’s position to access them in various conditions.\xa0 Proper communication is when the GP system is working properly and it has the locking time that causes problems so that the two parties have every mall chance to face any problem.\xa0 With this technology, people can have courage and faith in their life. So they believe in this system nowadays. After surviving this critical situation they are already using this in daily life. So the purpose of building this system is to reach their level and be successful to achieve its purpose.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:24 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-telemedicine-effective-in-treating-patients/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:25 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-telemedicine-effective-in-treating-patients/>
{'title': 'Is telemedicine effective in treating patients?', 'cont': ['Telemedicine, which allows patients and doctors to communicate through video or phone, is beneficial to both their health and their convenience. More healthcare providers are now allowing patients to “see” them through computers or smartphones.', 'Telemedicine has become more accessible thanks to advances in technology, even for those who are not computer adept. Patients can request a virtual visit with many Johns Hopkins doctors, practitioners, and therapists through the MyChart online platform or mobile app.', 'Telemedicine technology has access to various treatment options, including primary care consultations, psychotherapy, physical therapy, and many more.', 'This makes clinics more appealing to the growing number of patients who prefer telemedicine as their primary care provider. It’s a simple and cost-effective strategy to help patients with serious diseases manage their disease, participate in their treatment, and avoid problems from worsening.', 'Telemedicine offers many advantages:', 'When you’re unwell, telemedicine eliminates the need to drive to the doctor’s office or clinic, park, stroll, or wait in a waiting room. From the comfort of your bed or sofa, you can consult with your doctor. Virtual visits may be more convenient for you to fit into your hectic schedule. Depending on your schedule, you may not even need to take time off work or arrange child care with telemedicine.', 'Doctors can use telehealth consultations to pre-screen patients for probable infectious diseases to help reduce the spread of COVID-19, flu, and other infectious diseases. It also eliminates the need for unwell people to visit the office. Everyone benefits from less exposure to other people’s germs, particularly those who are chronically unwell, pregnant, and elderly.', 'Some specialized practitioners may benefit from telemedicine because they can see you in your own home. Allergists, for example, may be able to spot triggers in your environment that cause allergies. Neurologists, physical therapists, and occupational therapists can examine your abilities to maneuver and care for yourself at home. Telemedicine can also be used for mental health evaluations and counseling.', 'When seeing your doctor, it’s usually beneficial to have a family member present to assist you in providing information, asking questions, and taking notes on your doctor’s responses. If you authorize it, telemedicine can bring your family member in on the virtual visit if they live out of town or even across the nation.', 'Telemedicine is a more cost-effective method of healthcare administration as compared to traditional methods. This is true since doctors and patients do not need to travel every time they see a doctor or patient. In addition, video consultations are often less expensive than in-person consultations, allowing you to save money on travel and hospital setup. Additionally, using online booking and video conferencing as part of a healthcare solution saves money. This is especially important in locations where patients may have difficulty getting to a hospital for medical treatment.', 'Telemedicine also contributes to the expansion of the medical industry’s horizons. Studies, science, and advancement in this sector are now more widely available. Medical students’ education and training can be streamlined with the help of video conferencing.', 'Providers and other healthcare professionals can use telemedicine technology to track when and how their patients take their medications. Physicians will soon use high-tech medical equipment to track their patients’ well-being over large distances. By communicating data from one system to another, this technology allows information such as pulse rhythm, blood pressure, glucose levels, and more to be transmitted. Telemedicine may be beneficial in this aspect because older persons are more likely to fail to take their prescriptions', 'This technology improves dental treatment by allowing dentists to collect images or other relevant evidence of teeth, dentures, and other dentistry parts to analyze and transfer it to another practitioner for evaluation. The ability to share records among dentists and dental experts to determine if a certain treatment is required is a significant benefit of telemedicine in dentistry. Specialists may also aid dentists in identifying problem areas and advising patients on how to avoid costly and complex procedures by prescribing preventive measures. This relationship, like other telemedicine applications, benefits those living in rural or underdeveloped locations who might not otherwise have access to medical specialists.', 'Telemedicine is rapidly expanding, with numerous advantages for both physicians and patients. Any healthcare provider’s top priority is to provide improved patient care, which telemedicine technologies will help physicians achieve while also supporting them in refining and improving their private practices. As a result, establishing medical video conferencing solutions in a medical setting is crucial to improving medicine. The gap barrier is a well-known cause in the telemedicine industry. This is owing to the critical scarcity of trained healthcare providers around the world. This technology can readily fill the gap in the doctor shortage.', 'Telemedicine systems with digital health monitoring capabilities will deliver more accurate diagnosis and treatment suggestions when paired with artificial intelligence and machine learning. With the use of video conferencing tools and machine learning technologies, the algorithm will be refined to deliver a better diagnosis for each patient. Telemedicine is a means of using networking devices to connect physicians in one region with patients in another. In-person meetings can be replaced by appointment, review, and photography transcript software. It allows doctors and patients to stay safe in the event of a pandemic while also allowing medical services to be expanded digitally.', 'Telemedicine can be used for a variety of purposes. Face-to-face meetings are unavoidable in some instances, but they can be easily avoided by utilizing modern technology. This has its own set of benefits that improve the hospital’s overall efficiency. Telemedicine, on the other hand, allows healthcare providers to monitor multiple patients at the same time without having to leave the hospital. Telemedicine allows for appointments and supervision, which helps decrease overcrowding in emergency rooms and provide care for patients in more essential situations. With the help of telemedicine, hospitals can exchange medical information and provide care even more promptly. Finally, it provides care for individuals who require supervision, which helps to lower overall health risks.', 'Telemedicine is much of the time used to connect specialists working with a patient in one spot while specialists are in one more to help them through telecom. This is profoundly advantageous to remote or challenging to arrive at regions where specialists are not promptly open. Performing remote visits at a lesser expense and time are utilized. The appearance of modern times achieved critical enhancements in the act of telemedicine. The rise of this shrewd innovation is prepared to do top-notch video web-based made ready for distant Healthcare to be conveyed to patients in their families, workplaces, or helped living places as an option to in-person arrangements for both essential and expert consideration. Many individuals say that telemedicine has existed here and there or one more since the phone was imagined. One can send pictures rather than information over the handset. Telemedicine is additionally an acknowledged part of how Healthcare is given in different nations. It has an astounding number of uses, which permits patients to design a subsequent arrangement by video, further develops consistency with aftercare visit rules, and lessens the tension between the two patients and specialists.', 'Modern mobile health apps enable telemedicine and connect software to an interactive clinical interface. Noncritical occurrences include the treatment of patients with mild disorders, the exchange of data research information, and imaging findings. Patients can also use a dedicated app to buy medications and acquire prescriptions. Close collaboration with payment gateways is essential. Real-time analyses and information transmission are carried out here. Patients and clinicians can easily interact via a single app to talk and exchange data because these telemedicine technologies are frequently connected. Direct patient data can be simply obtained and forwarded to the appropriate clinician. A transcript of an appointment or a test report kept in an Electronic Health Record system folder could be used as evidence. Furthermore, it enables doctors to interpret data once it is collected.', 'Telemedicine uses emerging networking systems, application software for communication and file management, and advanced devices such as computers and mobile devices to view and control health care facilities. We can use an online patient portal to view our medical reports, and appointments, order prescription refills, pay for them or contact the doctor. A forward-thinking school collaborates with doctors to provide remote school visits. The provider may assess the seriousness of the problem and give guidance or reassurance to the parents. Residents in assisted living facilities have also been seen using telemedicine to stay out of the hospital. On-call physicians can use telemedicine to conduct a virtual visit to determine whether a patient needs to be admitted to a clinic that is located far away. Several telehealth solutions are now accessible to help manage health care and receive treatment.', 'Telemedicine, a well-known example of IoT in healthcare, should be user-friendly, adaptive, and accessible. The design of computer hardware should be simple and appealing to both patients and healthcare providers. Furthermore, the technology should be easy to integrate into existing healthcare systems. Another thing to keep in mind is that consumers will want instructions for the system to function properly. Healthcare organizations should take advantage of the Internet of Things to develop telemedicine apps that are reliable, cost-effective, and easy to use. These healthcare systems monitor and record the user’s vital signs over time. Depending on the user’s overall health, several of this equipment can also predict impending diseases. The goal of adopting an IoT-powered system isn’t just to keep track of patients.', 'Telemedicine is now used in medical areas such as dermatology, mental health, medicine, and cardiology to deliver improved treatment to populations underserved by doctors and clinics. It is often thought to be a way to minimize significantly the expense of treating health problems such as asthma, diabetes, and sleep apnea, which benefit from continuous observation of a patient’s condition. Telemedicine technology in recovery tackles these problems in various areas, including performing cognitive or psychiatric assessments, leading group counseling meetings, supplying patients with internet services, and remotely observing patients. For example, this technology will help people recover from lung disease by undergoing video therapy sessions and supervised physical recovery at a local satellite site. Cardiovascular disease is the primary cause of death worldwide. However, many incidents can be avoided with the aid of drug therapies or social/lifestyle changes.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:25 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-telehealth-the-future-of-healthcare-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:25 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-telehealth-the-future-of-healthcare-2/>
{'title': 'The Future of Telehealth Services', 'cont': ['Telemedicine refers to a specific set of clinical treatments, while telehealth encompasses a wide range of remote healthcare services. These are some of them:', 'Primary care in a rural setting', 'Services for mental health', 'Services that are not clinical (e.g., provider training and continuing medical education)', 'Telehealth is defined as “the use of electronic information and communications technology to support long-distance clinical health care, patient & professional wellbeing education, public health, and health administration,” according to the Health Resources Services Administration.', 'Telehealth refers to a wide range of services delivered via a variety of telehealth platforms. Patients can get mental health help by sending confidential text messages to a counselor using the app, video conferencing with a primary care physician about new health issues, or attending a Zoom meeting about local public health programs.', 'Patients and providers can communicate in real-time via phone or live audio and video with synchronous communication. A computer, smartphone, or tablet can be used for synchronous communication.', 'In some situations, a patient’s vital signs or tests may be taken by an in-person healthcare provider (e.g., ultrasounds). The provider then uses telehealth technologies to provide the information to a remote member of the healthcare team in real-time (e.g., a doctor, nurse, or medical assistant).', 'Asynchronous communication makes use of “store and forwards” technology, which allows patients and clinicians to collect data (such as notes, photos, and metrics) now and reply to and evaluate it later. Many patient portals and apps use encrypted, secure messaging for enhancing asynchronous communication.', 'Remote patient monitoring allows doctors to keep an eye on a patient’s clinical parameters (such as insulin levels for diabetes monitoring) from afar. It can be synchronous (real-time) or asynchronous (not real-time).', 'Patients are seeking and receiving treatment and care in new ways because of telehealth technologies. Patients can now communicate with healthcare providers in real-time, receive answers to their questions, receive prescriptions, send photos and messages through encrypted chat portals, and keep track of their medical records wirelessly through cloud sharing programs — all without ever having to visit a physical health facility.', 'Telehealth services promote public health during pandemics by allowing patients to receive care while adhering to social distancing requirements. These services may be a safer option for primary care physicians because they may be successful in reducing COVID-19 exposure.', 'Furthermore, videoconferencing has the potential to ease the strain on healthcare facilities caused by patient demand. The use of personal protection equipment by healthcare personnel is reduced as a result of this (PPE). Telehealth has therefore aided healthcare systems in providing care while reducing risk.', 'Telehealth has several potential applications outside of a pandemic that is here to stay. Telehealth has the ability to:', 'Provide access to preventative and regular care to help maintain continuity of care.', 'Increase access for patients with mobility issues (e.g., the elderly) and those who reside distant from usual service locations (e.g., rural patients)', 'In many circumstances, connect patients with care providers faster than traditional offerings.', 'Provide coaching and support to individuals with chronic illnesses, such as nutrition guidance and weight loss.', 'Providers should be able to follow up with patients (e.g., recently hospitalized patients)', 'Allow clinical measurements to be monitored by care teams (including the patient and their team of healthcare providers) (e.g., blood pressure or blood glucose levels)', 'Peer-to-peer training should be provided to healthcare providers regularly.', 'Furthermore, patients may find that using telehealth services makes it easier to keep track of their medical data and measures. A person with a family history of heart disease, for example, may use wearable technology (such as a smartwatch with a built-in pedometer and heart rate monitor) to measure their daily exercise and blood pressure, saving their data in a health monitoring app and sharing it with their doctor.', 'Telehealth increases patients’ autonomy and access to critical healthcare services in a variety of ways. Similarly, telehealth technology assists providers in reaching out to underserved communities, such as patients in rural locations.', 'Telehealth has a bright future. Patients and providers have more methods to connect than ever before, thanks to the abundance of apps and software packages available.', 'From large telehealth software suites to simple apps, telehealth platforms cover the spectrum. The following three examples are just a few of the many telehealth options that are expected to grow in the coming years', 'These software packages connect patients with clinicians by combining different technologies at the same time. Mend, for example, sends text-based appointment reminders, provides online forms, simplifies patient scheduling, and supports audio and video calling.', 'These apps run in a web browser (e.g., Chrome or Firefox) and allow patients and clinicians to communicate in a HIPAA-compliant manner. Doxy. me, for example, offers free, safe, and unlimited chat and video communication, as well as subscription options with enhanced protection and encryption. It’s used for secure communications, such as telemedicine mental health therapy sessions.', 'Data from FDA-approved medical devices are coordinated using this software. Providers can use this technology to control wireless scales, blood pressure monitors, pulse oximeters, glucometer adapters, and other Bluetooth-enabled devices from a distance. For example, AMC health employs tracking and Bluetooth connectivity to allow remote devices to communicate biometric data, which patients and physicians may access and evaluate.', 'When telehealth initially became available, patients saw it as a less expensive option than in-person care. Because of the simplicity of telehealth, with the acceptance of technology came a willingness to participate. Remote patient monitoring was deployed in 61.2 percent of hospitals across the country in 2017.', 'Technology improvements have led to even more robust telehealth visits, with video conferencing options, wider access to broadband internet, and simple ways to collect biometric data. In 2005, there were 206 yearly telehealth visits among one insurance carrier’s subscribers, which climbed to 202,374 visits in 2017. Patients, medical practitioners, and healthcare facilities are increasingly appreciating the benefits, effectiveness, and convenience of telehealth sessions, and they are asking them more frequently.', 'For many people, fitness trackers, smartwatches, and other sorts of wearable technology have become indispensable. Wearers can monitor their health statistics, such as heart rate, sleep, and mobility, with these gadgets. It’s considerably easier for wearers to share their health data with their primary care physician when they have quick access to it.', 'Because almost everyone now has access to the internet and a device that can connect to it, such as a smartphone, telehealth services have never been more accessible. More mobile devices may now connect without being interrupted by speed concerns, thanks to the spread of 5G services1. Patients and clinicians can view each other’s facial expressions and have more in-depth dialogues about health issues and experiences through video conferencing. This engagement is popular globally for both patients and medical practitioners now that telehealth services are more widely available.', 'Artificial intelligence (AI) is becoming increasingly significant in telehealth. AI is used by medical professionals to assist with diagnosis and administrative tasks. Because most AI devices can be managed by triage nurses, doctors can see more patients with AI diagnoses and tests.', 'AI can also help with maintaining and sorting complete and accurate medical records. Doctors can electronically communicate their patient records to medical professionals thousands of miles distant. Medical providers can analyze considerable information about a patient’s background before making a diagnosis by using AI for administrative activities.', 'People use telehealth services in a variety of ways without even realizing it. One approach to take use telehealth services is to phone an emergency line or a poison control hotline to request treatment or guidance.', 'The telehealth sector has developed to cover a variety of clinical services in addition to emergency treatments, such as:', 'Mental health therapy: Because mental health counseling necessitates in-depth discussions, it naturally adapts to telehealth. Patients may feel more comfortable engaging in these conversations from home, thus many counselors, psychiatrists, and psychologists provide telemedicine sessions.', 'Doctor’s visits: Some patients prefer telehealth doctor’s visits over dealing with scheduling issues or logistics for an in-office visit. A doctor may be able to identify a non-serious sickness, such as a cold or the flu, by reviewing a patient’s medical history and present symptoms.', 'Patients with medical issues may require consultations with specialists who can assess their symptoms. In some situations, instead of visiting the office, these patients may be able to meet with physicians electronically via a telehealth session to acquire a diagnosis and treatment plan.', 'Analysis of lab or x-ray results: Patients who require blood to be drawn or x-rays must go to a doctor’s office in person. They may not need to schedule a follow-up consultation with a specialist or doctor to discuss their findings. Because the majority of these meetings are focused on communication, they can be readily performed through virtual video conferences or phone calls.', 'Health condition monitoring: Patients who have previously been diagnosed with a health issue may be able to monitor their condition without going to the doctor’s office. These patients have better visibility into their health parameters because of wearable technology that analyses their sleeping patterns, heart rate, and mobility. They can talk to their doctor over the phone or via video chat about complications, symptoms, or health changes.', 'Many healthcare services do not require in-person visits, allowing the telehealth industry to grow and provide more patients with conventional medical treatment.', 'In the healthcare industry, mobile health, often known as mHealth, has also become commonplace. The use of cellphones, tablets, laptops, and other electronic storage and communication devices by medical professionals are referred to as mobile health. These technologies let healthcare staff organize, store, and analyze patient data.', 'Wearable technology is classified as mHealth since it is used by both adults and children to assess health data. Doctors can use data from fitness trackers and smartwatches with health apps to check patient symptoms remotely.', 'Insurance companies are increasingly willing to cover telehealth services now that they have acquired popularity and demonstrated their efficacy. For example, virtual check-ins with patients, e-visits, and mental health condition therapies are all covered by Medicare.', 'Insurance coverage and telehealth sessions are governed by state laws. Patients may be asked to pay out-of-pocket and then be reimbursed for all or part of the telemedicine session in some instances. Except in Rhode Island, all states mandate insurance carriers to provide some telehealth coverage.', 'Telehealth has become a significant element of the healthcare sector as a handy and straightforward approach to diagnosing, assessing, and treating patients. With these recent advancements, telehealth technology continues to grow and become a useful tool for medical professionals.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:25 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-people-diverted-to-telehealth-services-and-telemedicine/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:25 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-people-diverted-to-telehealth-services-and-telemedicine/>
{'title': 'How are people diverted to Telehealth services and telemedicine?', 'cont': ['To assist adapt to the social separating measures set up to assist with evening everything out of COVID-19 contaminations, the medical care industry needed to rapidly adjust. Telehealth turned into a redeeming quality for medical clinics, facilities, and specialists at the tallness of the pandemic looking for a method for giving a similar nature of care administrations while limiting the spread of the Covid. Key patterns have arisen encompassing the utilization of the innovation that will keep on forming the future of telehealth administrations.', 'Telehealth utilizes correspondence innovation to convey medical care administrations to patients without the should be in a similar actual area, for example, video talk through applications or webcams, telephones, or video gathering programming. Before the pandemic, telehealth administrations were for the most part restricted Adhoc administrations with an enormous scope of limitations. Initially, they were made to help the country and underserved patients get close enough to experts when nearby assistance was seriously restricted. Bounce forward to 2020-2021, and telehealth is becoming far and wide across all parts of the business.', 'As indicated by the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), telehealth use spiked by over 154% in late March of 2020 contrasted with a similar period in 2019. Additionally, the market is supposed to ascend to more than USD 397 billion by 2027 following flow expectations made by Fortune Business Insight. To show the effect the pandemic has had on the business, in 2019 the market was just worth USD 42 billion. While use over the long-run has died down since the pinnacle of the pandemic, it has become evident that telehealth is currently an instrumental piece of things to come of medical care conveyance.', 'What is becoming apparent now is a freshly discovered enthusiasm for the essential potential that telehealth will bring to the medical care industry. As associations across the globe intend to keep on utilizing this innovation, the following are 8 key patterns driving the future of telehealth.', 'What initially was executed as a methodology to lessen how much local area transmission, has prompted a functioning discussion between medical care experts about the continuation of telehealth counsels for some clients later on. It is presently viewed as a savvy first line of treatment for non-pressing and follow-up arrangements.', 'As of July 2021, telehealth usage has balanced out at multiple times higher than pre-pandemic levels. Furthermore, even pre-pandemic, proof upheld the expanded utilization of telehealth. In a study directed by McKinsey, 76% of patients said they would be keen on utilizing telehealth pushing ahead. Besides, over a portion of respondents in a review from the Journal of Telemedicine and Telecare said they would use telehealth to; top off drugs, plan for an impending visit, audit test results, or get instruction. We can hope to see medical care suppliers and insurance agencies cooperating pushing ahead to widen the accessibility and availability of telehealth.', 'Roughly 1 out of 3 of all grown-ups experience the ill effects of an ongoing condition worldwide, which incorporates, kidney infection, coronary illness, malignant growth, lung sickness, Alzheimer’s, diabetes, and stroke side effects. In many cases, way of life decisions and protection care techniques can help these patients forestall and treat these diseases. However, a huge part of these patients don’t finish their therapy, don’t take or reorder their recurrent remedies, or don’t go to their customary subsequent arrangements to assist with dealing with their side effects.', 'This absence of adherence to a consideration plan costs the business billions a year. Telehealth can not just decrease the expense of a consideration plan, yet additionally, work on understanding commitment and adherence to it. Telehealth is a helpful way for patients to associate with their primary care physician rapidly and often. Eliminating the requirement for extended holds up in sitting areas and the expense of consistent drives to the specialists’ office. Furthermore, having more continuous associations among patients and specialists might take into consideration little issues to be gotten early to the point of lessening the gamble of additional issues or difficulties.', 'Simply more than 10% of individuals internationally experience the ill effects of psychological well-being disorders. The pandemic simply appeared to deteriorate what is happening to cause an expansion in discouragement and uneasiness because of lockdowns, segregations, and the anxiety toward the obscure increment. As per the World Health Organization (WHO), the COVID-19 pandemic upset emotional wellness administrations in 93% of nations around the world. Those previously getting treatment saw their care groups close, their arrangements dropped with the facilities, and their source for lightening side effects turned out to be seriously restricted.', 'To keep on treating patients numerous advisors, instructors and specialists immediately went to video conferencing to keep on supporting their patients. Consequently, the advancement of teletherapy and telepsychiatry started and pushing ahead, this will probably turn into a generally acknowledged type of treatment. Without the pandemic, it is as yet contemplated half of those determined to have emotional wellness problems get treatment. This is somewhat because of the restricted accessibility of experts in a single given region, yet on account of the movement of teletherapy and telepsychiatry, this will ideally be a relic of times gone by.', 'Patient interest has been the best main thrust with regard to the development of telehealth. This interest for advantageous admittance to mind administrations will proceed and accordingly, a more noteworthy assumption will be put on suppliers. As associations plan for the future of telehealth, patient experience and assumptions ought to be at the front of their minds.16 Additionally, as this request keeps on rising, an ever-increasing number of organizations are fanning out and entering the market and henceforth associations should effectively put themselves in front of the opposition.', 'Patients need their telehealth experience to be consistent and incorporated, no one needs need to shuffle numerous different applications and sites. This implies engineers are taking a gander at ways of guaranteeing exhaustive assistance through coordinated correspondences like video, webchat, and bots while considering continuous updates, updates, and follow-up arrangements. On top of this,, it should be smoothed out for simple use, permitting patients to get to and explore all their data at the hint of a button.', 'It isn’t new that benefits that permit information sharing are simpler and more helpful to utilize and subsequently, this is the course that telehealth is going. Numerous telehealth applications are starting to use and speak with wellness applications, for instance, to accumulate data in regards to step count and pulse straightforwardly from a singular’s gadgets. This will give medical services experts a more adjusted perspective on an individual’s way of life, and matched with electronic medical care records, can help make a more clear image of their current health.', 'This thought of incorporated information sharing is being driven by interoperability, which is the capacity to get to, trade, coordinate, and agreeably use information in a planned way, inside and across various associations ideal and effectively. When frameworks are interoperable they share the information as well as can decipher the information and present it as it’s gotten, safeguarding its unique context. This is the future of telehealth and suppliers need to move from simply giving and recording realities to giving these basic bits of knowledge back to boost the advantages to the patients.', 'As expressed beforehand, telehealth is becoming fundamental for those with constant circumstances, and with that incorporated information sharing prompts the following pattern for the future and that is wearable innovation. Wearable innovation has been around for a long time returning to 1970 when HP made an adding machine wristwatch. Quick forward to 2009, the main Fitbit wellness tracker was developed.20 Enter the Apple Watch in 2015, which further improved the turn of events and development in item deals of smartwatches and wellness trackers. This has permitted the medical care industry to effectively and proficiently start far off quiet checking. These gadgets permit specialists to accumulate ongoing information on various wellbeing measures including movement levels, pulses, circulatory strain, rest cycles, and glucose levels, all the more straightforwardly from their patients.', 'Outfitted with this extra information about a commonplace typical day for their patients, specialists will want to make more savvy analyses and proposals. Incorporating these gadgets with a safe telehealth stage and electronic wellbeing records will permit individuals from care groups to intercede at the earliest difficult situation. So, there will probably be an expansion in wearable innovation and the sharing of information produced by these gadgets with medical care suppliers, relying on the prerequisite that patients trust the security and protection measures set up. Moreover, the innovation and stages should be not difficult to use to guarantee simple coordination into day-to-day existence for the patient and specialist.', 'It is never simple to Monitor a debilitated youngster. Kids are many times great at concealing their side effects, experience issues conveying, and frequently become bashful or frightened before clinical staff. This turns out to be particularly challenging for the individuals who need long-haul observing. In any case, with the utilization of telehealth, turns out to be more helpful for the parent and can bring down the expenses of great care.', 'Pre-pandemic pediatric telehealth was at that point seeing development, yet it is felt that this development will turn out to be far and wide in the following couple of years. This is on account of the impending ages of guardians turning out to be more familiar with utilizing virtual innovation than past generations. likewise, an expansion in telehealth administrations is being coordinated toward youngsters, for instance, the advancement of virtual physiotherapy intended to impersonate video games. Overall, almost certainly, the reception of telehealth for pediatric consideration will keep on becoming altogether throughout the following couple of years.', 'At last, telehealth won’t be imaginable without the innovative foundation to help it, and accordingly, further ventures should be made. The utilization of computerized wellbeing devices is steadily advancing, from COVID-19 Tracing applications to health trackers to telehealth and virtual wellbeing applications – which are all available from the solace of home. In terms of telehealth, interests in information and innovation will empower more successful drives and applications. Telehealth incorporates a shift toward a more powerful, patient-driven approach both as far as giving designated and responsive degrees of care where patients like, as well as lessening pressures on the medical services labor force.', 'There are insufficient medical services experts and there has been a work deficiency for quite a while, which was featured during the pandemic. Interest in innovation that upholds the development of telehealth, will additionally lessen tension on the labor force and possibly permit them to convey better consideration.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:25 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-future-of-telehealth-services/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:26 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-future-of-telehealth-services/>
{'title': 'The future of Telehealth services.', 'cont': ['Imagine a future where you could see any remote specialist without ever leaving your house. Because of developments in telemedicine, this could soon become a reality. Telemedicine is the medical profession of providing clinical health care at a distance by utilizing telecommunications and information technologies. Patients can use telemedicine to connect with any specialist in the world via internet platforms.', 'Telemedicine is treating a patient without the doctor meeting the patient face to face by utilizing live pictures and sound and sending the patients their findings. The execution of telemedicine permits patients to get clinical consideration in a good way. Due to the Coronavirus pandemic, patients and professionals were obliged to adopt Telemedicine for health care services. Remote healthcare services are practical, cost-effective, and profitable, and they will become increasingly important in the future.', 'Although telemedicine and telehealth are optional, it is a good idea to become familiar with their distinctions and possibilities. Many people believe they are interchangeable. Both words refer to the provision of healthcare through the use of technology. Even yet, there is a distinction between the two.', 'The benefits extraordinarily offset any adverse consequences found in the present utilization of telemedicine. The most basic definition of telemedicine is delivering remote healthcare services via technology. Most sectors have already transitioned to remote (or on-demand) services when you think about it. Take, for example, banking. Walking down the street to a bank solely to deposit a check in a physical location seems outmoded, inconvenient, and unnecessary. The same might be said of waiting in a hospital lounge to see a doctor, which is famously problematic. Telemedicine technology is now available for use, with cloud-based, pay-per-use, and enterprise models all available. Aside from video conferencing, digital stethoscopes and other digital instruments and electronic medical records (EMRs) have all been tried and tested. The critical challenge in remote places is bandwidth availability and strength, as most solutions require adequate bandwidth for the upstream transfer of patient data.', 'Patients have already begun to receive online video consultations from healthcare specialists and facilities. Telemedicine has witnessed a significant increase in popularity, particularly since the commencement of the corona pandemic. Telehealth technology has advanced dramatically in the last decade, as has patient uptake. However, according to industry data, behavioral health (which saw a significant surge forward between 2012 and 2013) and specialty telemedicine services are driving the drive.', 'The shortfall of essential consideration specialists in rustic and detached places, alongside a maturing populace and many recently protected Americans under the Affordable Care Act, gives sufficient open doors for telemedicine to flourish. As per a recent report, the market for telemedicine innovation will increment at a build yearly development pace of 18.4% by 2020. Telemedicine is a means of using telecommunications and information technology to provide clinical healthcare to someone at a distance. Previously, telemedicine was only used to treat patients who lived in distant areas, far from medical facilities, or in areas where medical personnel were in short supply. The connected patient of today wants to spend less time in the waiting room at the doctor’s office and receive immediate care for minor but urgent conditions.', 'Telemedicine is helping to close the distance between patients and doctors that once existed. Patients not only feel more in control of their health exams, but doctors also have more time to analyze individual situations thanks to the help of outside physicians and specialists. A virtual office visit is the most typical telemedicine application. Patients will communicate alongside their doctors in real-time through a monitor, smartphone, or tablet, just like they would in the workplace. Patients will receive an introductory consultation, discuss preventive treatment and health, and review test results or scans, just as they would in a traditional office visit.', 'By creating area best practices and guidelines, wellbeing experts can expand the advantages of telehealth while holding the supplier patient coordinated effort, which is as yet the premise of excellent medical care.', 'There are still many issues to work out regarding legality, security, ethics, and other vital factors. Still, as telemedicine advances, the impact and results can only be spectacular.', 'New technology is on the way, and augmented reality, biotech, virtual medical advancements, and wearables will be incorporated into this industry to provide more possibilities for providing care services, patient health monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment. The future of telemedicine isn’t just about expediting those operations; it’s also about putting systems in place to ensure that a patient’s inquiries aren’t just answered and also anticipated. That’s the real deal when it comes to digital health.', 'Telemedicine is inextricably tied to the overall innovation in the digital health industry. And what customers want from all healthcare services, not just telehealth, is to feel at rest, to be informed about their health, and to be able to communicate with their doctor if and when it’s essential. Attendant and doctor deficiencies will be eased by telemedicine. It’s critical to understand, however. However, it’s crucial to realize that Telemedicine’s advantages aren’t restricted to the expert domain; the patients we care about often have issues that can be tended to through telemedicine.', 'With the shortage of time among individuals, telemedicine has progressed significantly! Telemedicine offers a wide assortment of advantages alongside answers for all your medical problems with the simplicity of sitting at your place. Thus, telemedicine’s future is exceptionally bright and more requesting in the approaching time.', 'Assuming we go according to measurements of a study led on patients about the utilization of telemedicine, 74% of the reviewed patients would utilize telemedicine for counsel over their medical problems for anything going from gentle to medium.', 'Things/Apps like Skype, and Zoom, alongside present-day and skilled electronic contraptions, have displayed to individuals that counsel over video calls with a specialist is conceivable in the present time. In this way, individuals have likewise fostered interest and trust in telemedicine. Telemedicine doesn’t just end on video counsel through applications; as a matter of fact, the utilization of telemedicine has wide assortments. It relies upon how you utilize such an incredible subject. For example, in Jiyyo Innovations, Chandigarh makes awesome telemedicine in numerous ways.', 'Experts predict that telemedicine will no longer be considered a distinct form of medical practice. Medical care will combine delivery and consultation methods, ranging from 0% to 100% tele (at a distance), with all grades. As a result, it will become a meaningless term or label. In terms of penetration, it will grow gradually, barring ethical and legislative actions (such as those recently enacted in the American state of Texas). Still, it will not be the primary mode of medical practice, as many believe.', 'Many technologies are influencing the future of telemedicine trends in healthcare. The telemedicine market is growing as more people use smartphones and have access to high-speed internet. Wearable technology, telemedicine, genomics, virtual reality (VR), robotics, and artificial intelligence (AI) are among the new health technologies that are transforming the Indian healthcare sector.', 'Telemedicine has proven to be an effective way to improve patient access to medical care while also lowering healthcare expenditures. Patients in both rural and urban locations can now receive healthcare when they need it because of telemedicine. Nowadays, telemedicine can handle a wide range of tasks and is accessible to a far more considerable amount of patients. Because of the rapid development of smartphones, cellular connectivity and the Online have entered even areas where medicine is not always available. The ability to reduce the duration and material healthcare spending and diagnostic imaging became a key factor for the development of involvement in telehealth among doctors and medical institutions. Easy access to mobile solutions and their usability has increased the attractiveness of telemedicine for patients, and the ability to reduce the time and material costs of treatment and diagnostics became a critical factor in the growth of interest in telemedicine between many physicians and hospital organizations.', 'Given its relative underutilization compared to other telemedicine services like deliberational health and specialist telemedicine, recent findings imply that virtual chronic illness management provides a new market for telemedicine. These people require regular doctor visits, and using telemedicine to target this patient demographic could reduce the frequency of emergency room visits and hospital admissions. The “hospital at home” approach, in which patients who satisfy the requirements for hospitalization but are otherwise stable are treated at home for conditions such as chronic obstructive lung disease, pneumonia, and heart failure, is another expanding area in telemedicine.', 'Extensive research and technical breakthroughs will pave the way for a more in-depth look at emergency treatment and specialty medicine, such as teleophthalmology, OB-GYN, and mental health, in the future.', 'Telemedicine has several advantages.', 'Telemedicine is not appropriate for life-threatening situations such as a heart attack, cuts or lacerations, or broken bones that require x-rays, splints, or casts. Any problem that necessitates immediate, hands-on assistance should be handled in person. Telemedicine is also highly useful for simple queries and follow-up appointments.', 'If you suspect a cut is contaminated, you can schedule a virtual urgent care consultation with your healthcare practitioner to discuss your symptoms. If you’re on vacation and imagine you’re developing strep throat, go to your primary care physician. If you require birth control, you can discuss your requirements and receive a prescription the same day.', 'Colds and influenza, bug bites, sore throats, diarrhea, and pink eyes are all frequent illnesses that telemedicine is used to treat. Healthcare practitioners can also connect with patients via smartphone apps like Skype, Google Meet, and Zoom, as well as live video conference calls.', 'Telemedicine is a viable option for lowering readmission rates. One study by the New York Home Care Association looked at telehealth steps in five health care institutions for patients with heart failure, COPD, and pneumonia and found average readmission reductions ranging from 7% to 26%.', 'How Telemedicine changes the business of health care is that it brings patients and healthcare providers closer in a digital environment. Telemedicine is the use of technology that overcomes the gap between doctors and patients. Telemedicine is used for a diverse range of appointment types, including remote consultations and follow-up care.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:26 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-telehealth-and-telemedicine-helping-people-to-fight-against-covid-19/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:26 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-telehealth-and-telemedicine-helping-people-to-fight-against-covid-19/>
{'title': 'How Telehealth and Telemedicine helping people to fight against COVID-19', 'cont': ['The novel coronavirus one comic has stretched healthcare systems to the brain covid 19 might be getting all the headlines the patients are still getting sick from other diseases and injuries and lots left doctors looking for other ways to treat them while minimizing contact enter telemedicine, which is broadly defined as the use of electronic communications and software to monitor and treat patients instead of an inpatient visit over the past decade of telemedicine, a broader term used to define all digitally delivered medical services and health education, has seen steady growth as an industry according to ibis world the industry’s revenue has grown thirty-four point seven percent from 2014 to 2019 the market size in 2019 was around forty-five billion dollars but it’s projected to grow to more than a hundred and seventy-five billion dollars by 2026 despite the increase in revenue', 'With a novel coronavirus the number of Medicare patients using telehealth has increased from roughly 11,000 a week to more than 650,000 people it’s led to a surge in usage for telemedicine companies such as tel-attack and American well and video conferencing company zoom whose stock is up more than a hundred and fifty percent since the start of 2020 shares of Microsoft which owns video conferencing software Skype and its team’s platform are up more than fourteen percent since the start of 2020, telemedicine visits surged fifty percent in March and are on pace to reach two hundred million. By the end of 2022, that’s up from earlier predictions of 36 million healthcare systems have skipped the test run and jumped to using telemedicine as a primary means of care during the coronavirus pandemic here’s how coronavirus could change the future of healthcare telemedicine dates back to the mid 20th century when radios were used to provide medical advice on ships in hospitals.', 'The first usage was in the 1950s through a closed-circuit television link for psychiatric consultations in the last 30 years telemedicine treatment has expanded to mental health stroke and patients with chronic diseases like asthma diabetes or heart failure. Several research studies have found it to be an effective alternative and satisfying for both the patient and provider telehealth proponents have sold it as a solution for patients in rural areas. Now they advocated as a low-cost and convenient option for tech-savvy millennials and busy parents as well, the 2019 well study found that 66% of people are willing to use telehealth but only 8% had already tried it', '1) Insurers are very worried that people would use too much to tell if they covered it too easily and so there are many restrictions on the type of telemedicine visit that insurers will pay for. For example, Medicare, which is the federal government’s largest taxpayer that covers the elderly and disabled only pay for telemedicine if somebody is a rural resident and you also have to go to a specific kind of facility for the specific kind of equipment.', '2) People are attached to seeing their doctors in person. As doctors in their business model are very much tied to seeing patients in the office so they don’t have a lot of incentive to offer telemedicine because there isn’t a whole lot of patient demand so when the government announced that they would lift telehealth restrictions from Medicare.', 'At present, coronavirus could boost telehealth interactions to 1 billion by the end of 2022 telemedicine companies like Teller doc and American have seen a surge in users during the coronavirus pandemic which has helped them keep up with demand in most countries temporarily modifying their license requirements for doctors meaning a doctor in one state can diagnose a patient in another. In this way, the company’s market opportunities can only increase and clearly benefit from the Covid 19 epidemic in our universe also tech companies are entering the telemedicine space. Every Big Tech Company in Silicon Valley Has Been Interested in Telemedicine for years and has been exploring ways to incorporate it into their products. Microsoft for instance has been developing chat boxes has collaboration software like teams they also have video conferencing services saying with Apple same with Google and increasingly they’re finding ways to point people to use these sorts of services While paper-based telemedicine seems like a near-perfect solution for policymakers, it’s not always the best solution for providers.', 'Telemedicine can save them the trip in case they don’t need additional assessment in some cases there are options for patients to visit a clinic to have an assessment from a nurse and then visit with a specialist virtually. ', ', of the major security concerns that come with smartphones, is that they can be hacked find out whether your phone has been hacked or not by watching signs that your phone has been hacked now back to telemedicine and everything you wanted to know.', ', physicians with limited physical examination can do little when they are not physically with the patient. They can only assess what they can see and what the patient tells them doctors may need equipment to assess a patient’s condition this doesn’t benefit those who have difficulty getting to a hospital.', ', electronic glitches technology is only as reliable as the electrical current that keeps it running inclement weather and other annoyances can cause power outages or disrupt the internet connection complicating online consultations you should keep that in mind before scheduling online visits to number four patient data security conducting appointments online adds a security risk to patient information online data is hackable if a cybercriminal logs in to a patient’s account, they could have access to all of the user’s medical records as they would for a visit appointment doctor consider ways to protect all health information while telemedicine can help you stay.', 'Just like the two sides of the coin, the Propagation of telemedicine is just like talking good about e-learning modules. The end-user experience is down and would only benefit if there is a financial incentive for the customer. On the other end, telemedicine describes remote clinical services provided by ever-growing technological advancements in telecommunications it fulfills a natural demand in the digital age how to bring patients and doctors closer to each other without losing lone pairs to traveling and waiting in hospitals telemedicine is used for follow-up visits management of chronic conditions specialist consultation in remote areas medication management and a host of other clinical services that can be provided through secure video and audio connections it doesn’t just help to make health services more comfortable it also brings basic health care to rural communities and low, this development brought several questions about how telehealth should be regulated to the fore. Is remote care as effective as in-person care? Would long-term expansion of telemedicine reduce costs for patients and healthcare providers? Might a greater reliance on telehealth reduce access to care for some patients are some of the questions which still need to be answered?']}
2022-07-07 01:09:26 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-metaverse-work-in-the-financial-sector-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:26 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-metaverse-work-in-the-financial-sector-2/>
{'title': 'How does Metaverse work in the Financial Sector?', 'cont': ['Metaverse is an online, 3D universe that combines multiple different virtual spaces. It is just a concept for now, but the way it is growing it is difficult to say that it would remain a concept in the coming future. Metaverse would include all the things that are available in reality. Everything would be accessible in this 3D universe.', 'Metaverse is the easiest way to create your own Augmented Reality Experiences.', 'A major discussion is ongoing if the Metaverse would be accessible without paying any real money or it would be only accessible after some amount is paid to the owners of the Metaverse.', 'However, currently, the video game companies and similar Metaverse companies are not charging their customers a penny, so we are still inclined that the judgment shall be towards not paying and free access to the online 3D universe.', 'Since the novel coronavirus pandemic has introduced virtual meetings and events across the globe, and funnily, everyone eventually made peace with virtually attending meetings and gatherings, virtual gatherings are being welcomed in daily lives. From top management to blue-collar jobs, everyone is getting comfortable using the online services and online platforms in times of need because they have turned out to be fruitful and rarely disappointing.', 'When globally virtual services are being recognized and are being voluntarily opted for even the tiniest need, owners of Metaverse identified the opportunity and introduced the Metaverse.', 'The Metaverse will allow users to work, meet, game, and socialize together in these 3D spaces.', 'Currently, we meet virtually but things are not up to the mark. The satisfaction of getting ready while going to an office cannot be fulfilled in an online virtual meeting. This thing can be solved with the help of Metaverse. In Metaverse, you can get ready and as per your choice, do the required activity with your avatar and find a little satisfaction, not exactly as much as going to the office but more than virtual meeting.', 'We pay for everything we own in real life, similarly, we might have to pay for everything we want to own and buy in the Metaverse. This is where the finance-technology (FinTech) companies will play a major role.', 'Cryptocurrencies, a digital currency in which transactions are verified and records maintained by a decentralized system using cryptography, rather than by a centralized authority can help with paying in the Metaverse. The world-famous cryptocurrencies can be used on the Metaverse as a 3D replacement of cash and money.', 'Cryptocurrencies help in creating a digital economy with different types of utility tokens and virtual collectibles (NFTs). Crypto wallets will be of huge benefit in the Metaverse.', 'The financial, virtual, and physical world is not more independent. They are all interlinked with each other and are mostly dependent on each other.', 'Our mobile phones are the easiest form of linking the entire three worlds together. Mobile phones have already managed to gain confidence in many aspects, with just at the touch of a button. The finance sector has also benefitted from this device and will continue to benefit.', 'One of the major examples is that you can now access NFTs, blockchain games, and crypto payments easily on the Metaverse using your device. They are now all easily available as part of a developing Metaverse.', 'Human beings have certain basic needs. We must have\xa0food, water, air, and shelter\xa0to survive. If any one of these basic needs is not met, then humans cannot survive. Finance is the aspect that lets us have food, water, and shelter and after some point, it will play a role for air.', 'Similarly, to survive in the Metaverse finance sector will play an essential role in fulfilling the basic survival demands and definitely, the reason for Metaverse entertainment will not be free forever. This will boost the finance sector in the future.', 'Recently, JP Morgan\xa0has become the first bank to enter the Metaverse, opening a lounge in the popular blockchain-based world,\xa0Decentraland\xa0– one of the most popular Metaverse. This marks the banking giant’s entry into the Metaverse, as it eyes the potential financial gains.', 'I would like to conclude by saying that the finance sector is now considered as the major aspect of basic living. Metaverse being an online 3D universe, a completely different world altogether would need the finance sector for safe and confident transactions.', 'Finance sectors will gain the confidence of their customers by entering the Metaverse and Metaverse will gain customers through finance sectors. A win-win situation for both and profits to both.', 'The finance sector will perfectly fit in the Metaverse and indulge people by gaining the trust in money transactions, thus making Metaverse a confident world.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:26 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-impact-of-the-metaverse-on-financial-services/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:27 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-impact-of-the-metaverse-on-financial-services/>
{'title': 'The impact of the Metaverse on financial services', 'cont': ['A Metaverse is a virtual world that combines thoughts from the Internet, augmented reality, virtual reality, artificial intelligence, and different advances.', 'It is viewed as the association of the relative multitude of advances in the cutting edge in innovation, where a virtual world is possessed by real people who use programming tools, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, human/hardware interfaces, and other modern technologies to connect.', '\xa0When joined with cryptocurrencies, the Metaverse idea takes into consideration brilliant properties and digital entities to be connected through blockchain, making legal connections between virtual properties and digital avatars.', 'The digital avatars are overseen by real-world users who benefit from the worth of virtual properties. All properties are enrolled on the blockchain through activities like decentralized and Metaverse Blockchain. The focus of the metaverse seems to be virtual reality, digital assets, blockchain, cryptocurrencies, and video games, as most people already understand. It will be much more comprehensive and exciting, covering more areas than a few mentioned above. It is expected to become a platform that is helpful to businesses and individuals, including finance.', '\xa0Fintech solutions for digital payment and transaction and financial data management have already changed the traditional currency and transaction methods. This newly formulated method is much safer, more transparent, and more convenient. The metaverse will rely on these methods to make it as indispensable as the physical world.', '\xa0A world in which businesses constantly interact, including real estate, textiles, and jobs. People wearing avatars can buy and sell goods and trade digital currencies, which will form a huge economic ecosystem. While the metaverse is still in the conception stage, people and businesses are striving to become leaders in embracing and driving change. As Korea Times noted in August 2021, South Korean securities firms and banks have already begun creating active virtual environments for their customers.', 'Facebook recently launched the Novi digital wallet app in the US and Guatemala. This is encouraging confirmation that Facebook will consider blockchain technology to support transactions on Metaverse.\xa0 This technique is already in use.', 'Here are some examples:', 'Using cryptocurrency in video games was also central to the idea and creation of the metaverse. The game world makes the digital world more attractive and interesting for users. During the pandemic, games kept people isolated and allowed them to enjoy a world where they could interact with the outside world when few connections remained.', 'Twitter is intending to work with NFTs artists and creators by permitting them to share NFTs on the platform by associating them with their crypto wallets. A critical element of the metaverse is that NFTs will allow artists to sell their content without middlemen and allow artists to make their fair share of profit.', 'The world has witnessed the power of virtual technology amid the chaos caused by the global pandemic. Digital technology, along with supporting many other traditional processes, served as the primary communication platform for telecommuting scenarios. The concept of a virtual world that users can navigate through digital avatars is currently being developed. However, the use of such virtual worlds, or metaverses, will become increasingly common.', '\xa0Metaverse Top Wallet is a must if you want to dive into the Metaverse. Metaverse wallets help you manage ownership and control over the assets you create, trade, and own in a metaverse platform. Well, that`s quite some information to process about metaverse wallets as a beginner. Let us find out some of the top choices of metaverse wallets you can find right now.', 'So, is a digital global with numerous promising possibilities for virtual transformation sufficient for investing inside the maximum famous metaverse pockets? The following records approximately the metaverse would possibly assist you to count on the urgency of locating reputable metaverse pockets proper now.', 'The Reality Labs phase of Meta has already invested almost $10 billion within the metaverse.', 'Estimates endorse that the metaverse marketplace might also additionally attain almost $800 billion by 2024.', 'According to a file via way of means of Grayscale, the metaverse has the capacity of accomplishing almost $1 trillion in phrases of annual revenue.', 'These are pretty a few thrilling records approximated by the metaverse and its future. Now, you will want the high-quality metaverse pockets for collaborating with inside the metaverse. Why and in what way are pockets required for collaborating within the metaverse?', 'Isn`t the metaverse imagined to be an open and available digital global? Your VR headset can assist you to discover a digital global within the metaverse. However, you ought to additionally surprise approximately the equipment for sporting out transactions inside the financial system of the metaverse. This is wherein you ought to discover a metaverse pockets listing and perceive the high-quality preference consistent with your requirements. You can use the metaverse wallets for getting metaverse tokens, in-sport NFTs, or digital actual property as NFTs inside the metaverse. How are you able to pick out the precise metaverse pockets for collaborating with inside the metaverse?', 'In the digital world of the metaverse, the funding of sizeable generation agencies has changed the concepts of the game. It is nearly unbelievable for banks and different traditional economic foundations to stay aggressive through each one of the cycles that require speedy transformation and innovative arrangements. It moreover looks as if it’ll be tough for them to stay aggressive if they don`t make essential investments for virtual transformation as soon as possible. Working collectively with fintech and cashing in on fintech improvements to have a presence on this new digital international might be the fastest trade manner to have a widespread presence withinside the meta international.', 'The Metaverse is, at its quintessence, a virtual, 3D space for individuals to communicate with one another and with organizations.', 'Outstandingly, Bank of America declared that it will launch computer-generated simulation (VR) preparing for its workers in almost 4,300 financial centers nationwide.', 'The bank says that each financial center in its organization will utilize VR headsets to rehearse a wide range of abilities including fortifying and extending associations with clients, exploring troublesome discussions, and tuning in and reacting with empathy.', 'Other banks utilizing VR or augmented reality (AR) in projects incorporate BNP Paribas, which launched a virtual reality app permitting retail banking clients to get to their record movement and exchange records in a VR environment; Bank of Kuwait, which has used VR in the planning of new branches; and Citi, which has explored a program using holographic workstations for financial trading.', 'Likely the most obvious model where the “metaverse” may affect banking is in user communications. Many banks currently offer video meeting administrations and utilize intuitive teller machines (ITMs), which utilize video networks and more robust functionality than ATMs. The next legitimate advance in the computerized client experience could be serving clients in virtual domains.', 'Bankers concur with this assumption. Research by the Digital Banking Report in the fall of 2021 observed that close to half of financial services executives surveyed trust that one out of five purchasers will involve virtual or augmented reality innovation for day-by-day exchanges – not only for gaming, all in all.', '\xa0Writing in Medium, IT and security firm Raon noticed that a major Korean bank, Kookmin Bank, this year made a “virtual town” on a metaverse stage', 'Metaverse isn’t a fantasy any longer, it’s currently coming to the real world, and our real world is getting more virtual in the upcoming days because of this innovation. With time, Virtual reality will create and will take our experience to another level. Many individuals will get work through this innovation, and millions will get another technological wonder to experience. Each innovation has its own negative and positive focuses, and for Metaverse, you can sort them out when it comes to reality.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:27 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-metaverse-and-vr-can-reform-work-culture/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:27 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-metaverse-and-vr-can-reform-work-culture/>
{'title': 'How Metaverse and VR can reform work culture?', 'cont': ['Covid-19 has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization for more than a year. Lockdowns have affected hundreds of millions of people. Many people have made the abrupt transition to working from home, and millions have lost their jobs. The future appears to be uncertain. We have no idea when or if our societies will be able to return to normalcy – or what kind of scars the pandemic will leave. Since then, organizations have been trying to innovate and make the work environment flexible and immersive.', 'One of those recent innovations is Metaverse VR. Backed by none other than the pioneer of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, Metaverse VR is rapidly evolving to pave the road for a new futuristic way to work.', 'The Metaverse, touted by the Facebook tycoon, is a complex concept in the digital landscape that promises extraordinary opportunities to billions of people. Modern pioneers are still sketching out a comprehensive definition of the Metaverse. Most people, however, refer to the “metaverse” as a new type of internet experience built around several different technologies.', 'According to Mark, one of the market leaders currently investing in the metaverse concept, the Metaverse is a type of “embodied internet.” It’s something you can immerse yourself in through Virtual Reality or bring to life through Artificial Reality.', 'Although the Metaverse is a rather new phenomenon and a lot is to be worked on yet, its global revenue is predicted to reach around $800 billion in 2024, according to Bloomberg reports. That’s why the big players are already investing billions in the project. Microsoft is working on creating an “enterprise metaverse” and integrating the physical and virtual worlds, as well as developing augmented reality hardware through the HoloLens. It is likely that for work, this will be integrated into existing work productivity applications such as Microsoft Teams.', 'Household social media names are even rebranding to be at the heart of the next computing platform – the Metaverse – establishing themselves as hardware market leaders.', 'Video game developers and platforms, such as Roblox and Fortnite creator Epic Games, are expanding beyond gaming into social experiences and investing heavily in the Metaverse. Epic also owns the Unreal gaming engine, which is used to create virtual environments in games and could be used to create metaverse experiences and environments.', 'One of the most difficult aspects of comprehending the concept of Metaverse is distinguishing it from virtual reality as we know it today. In a nutshell, while VR is a component of the Metaverse, the Metaverse as a whole is much larger. It combines elements of social media, virtual reality, augmented reality, online gaming, and cryptocurrencies. VR can provide true telepresence, which differs from the video conferencing we are used to.', 'The Metaverse is intended to transform the way we consume content, transforming it from a 2D environment to a fully immersive, dynamic 3D environment. The Metaverse, as a shared virtual space, is also expected to change the way people interact with one another by connecting the virtual and physical worlds.', 'For example, it can significantly improve communication with a virtual team, which is critical in a remote work environment. The Metaverse can also transform ordinary video calls into virtual meeting room experiences with a sense of real presence.', 'Creating a shared space can also help with diversity, equity, and inclusion goals. Virtual spaces can help parents (particularly mothers) and Black employees gain equal access to colleagues and managers.', 'Employee training is an extremely costly, time-consuming, and even risky endeavor. If you work in the construction, healthcare, oil, and gas, or energy industries, your training environment will almost certainly include expensive and hazardous equipment, and one mistake might cause substantial damage. Not to mention, after Covid, most workers are scattered across different regions, and proper coordination needs to be developed for teams to work efficiently.', 'Fortunately, companies can now choose much better approaches to employee training. All of the above can now be done in a simulated 3D virtual reality metaverse through. VR simulations can provide hands-on training to hundreds of employees at the same time, even if they are thousands of miles away, and any mistakes they make will not harm them.', 'According to PWC, more than one-third of US manufacturers are already using VR and AR technology or plan to do so within the next three years. VR will definitely play a crucial role in many stages of manufacturing, such as inventory management, design, and prototyping, accident management, etc.', 'C4X, a Manchester-based pharmaceutical company, is effectively using a virtual environment to develop new types of medicines. Their team created 4Sight, a virtual reality visualizer that provides a unique perspective on the efficacy of known compounds and simplifies the drug development process.', 'With the rapid up-gradation of technology, more and more teams are using analytical and simulations to find the right player for their team recruitment. Metaverse can effectively change the managing aspect of the game with the team able to run an infinite number of simulations in the Metaverse to come up with new tactics. For example, Denver Broncos and CEO of SportsVTS, Ted Sundquist, experimented with the idea to train quarterbacks the same way pilots are trained – using VR equipment. 21 players can be placed on the field during VR training to learn passing techniques and develop scheme recognition, pocket presence, decision-making awareness, and other important skills. In addition, the system provides actionable data for use in recruiting, performance evaluation, and return-to-play protocols.', 'People were more likely than ever before to interact and pay online as a result of the pandemic. As a result, fintech adoption has exploded all across the world.', 'Actual cash will not be accepted in the virtual world. There will need to be software and virtual systems to carry out our transactions. Blockchain technology has shown to be secure enough to power peer-to-peer (P2P) payments and scale across all digital payment media. It not only allows for immediate payment and information confirmation, but it also offers a high level of security and can be readily embraced by the public with immediate settlement.', 'In reality, an essential indicator of making the Metaverse as indispensable as real-life will be financial data management and techniques of managing financial transactions supplied by fintech solutions similar to real life. A virtual world where you can buy and sell houses, products, clothing, land, and avatars just like in the real world, implies a massive economic ecosystem. Brokerages and banks in Korea have already begun to construct active virtual environments for their clients, according to the Korea Times in August 2021.', 'Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of the newly renamed Meta (formerly Facebook), estimates that the key features of the Metaverse will take five to ten years to become mainstream. However, elements of the Metaverse do exist right now and are slowly being rolled out for public access. Ultra-fast broadband speeds, virtual reality headsets, and persistent always-on online worlds are already available, though not to everyone. But with so many business tycoons investing in the idea, it will be only a few years till we can find out the real potential of The Metaverse. Despite the fact that many questions remain, we can consider the Metaverse to be something large-scale and multifunctional, something that is not limited to the VR/AR experience but is fully revealed when these technologies are used. The Metaverse has been compared to the next generation of the Internet in terms of providing a better user experience, and VR is just one way to get there.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:27 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-metaverse-work-in-the-financial-sector/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:27 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-metaverse-work-in-the-financial-sector/>
{'title': 'How does Metaverse work in the Financial sector?', 'cont': ['HIGHLIGHTS', 'Metaverse is one of the hottest topics. Its synchronization with finance and tech makes it a crucial and dominating upcoming field. Meta-Verse means “beyond virtual experience”. So, the proliferation of the Metaverse is taken into consideration as a subsequent unstoppable improvement in tech, as tens of thousands and thousands of greenbacks are being injected into the digital studies and infrastructure, and steady incentives for innovation and opposition within the market. The meta-universe is a creation of new-age digital companies, wherein there are matters much like what we’ve within the normal companies, a well-functioning economy, and locations wherein we will visit speak with others. This is a shared digital international company wherein you could purchase and promote land, buildings, avatars, or even names, generally the usage of virtual currency. In this global universe, customers can buy and get admission to virtual merchandise on any virtual platform of their choice. Today, the Apple App Store or Google Play is the nearest digital platform to us, wherein you could purchase numerous virtual merchandise and use them on more than one structure.', '\xa0To create Metaverse offerings that clients can accept as true and which line up with their ideals, corporations need to use it wisely, analyzing anticipated commercial enterprise effects at the same time as coping with its environmental impact. This needs to encompass every degree of its rollout, from method and layout to engineering and implementation.', 'It’s far believed that monetary facts control and monetary transaction control that in shape actual existence supplied with the aid of using monetary era answers may be the maximum critical meta-universe, making meta-universe as critical as the actual existence', 'But now no longer everybody is so assured that the metaverse and virtual property will evolve to the factor wherein fintech corporations will want to manipulate, promote, or in any other case manipulate them.', 'While the innovation fans, gaming structures, and social media are busy speaking about the development in the Metaverse, increasingly different game enthusiasts are taking note of different virtual opportunities and are keen to locate new approaches to make cash and promote goods in the digital economy. In only some weeks, Metaverse has now no longer most effective end up the brand new preferred of big era corporations, however additionally the brand new preferred of the funding industry. Metaverse is now seeing a boom in big-era corporations which indeed is creating a brand value for their company.', 'As we can see from the data below, the cryptocurrency value has increased more than 5x, 10x, and some even 100x. As per Forbes data, the price of virtual lands has increased more than 700%. As virtual real estates sales are skyrocketing, Sandbox is the largest virtual world in terms of transactions volumes, with roughly around 65,000 transactions, leading to virtual land totaling $350 million in 2021. Decentraland became the second-largest virtual world seeing 21,000 real estate transactions worth $110 million in 2021. NFT world an online open NFT marketplace portal has also seen a tremendous amount of gross transaction in the year 2021.', 'The idea of digitalized banks changed the ecosystem of the current finance system, showing the orthodoxies of the current banking system. “Defi will rule the metaverse”- which will end the lagging banking system. As the day-by-day transaction of Bitcoin has crossed over $3 Trillion last year, it has already crossed the transaction rates of two major credit card players, and hope for crypto believers is that it will surely overcome the other major players within the next 5 years.', 'As Indians love fixed deposits(FD), Vauld (a crypto exchange) initiated and created the most lovable thing for Indians but in a cryptocurrency called “Crypto FDs”. Entire Indian market as well as other foreign crypto markets amazed by this innovation. The rate of interest was far better than the traditional banks. So this created a movement for people to invest more in cryptos.', 'ETF, a single or basket of security started trading launched in 1993 in the US and this also created an initiative among the Exchanges to create crypto ETF.', 'These are some of the ETFs which are traded excessively. This has led to another crypto market segmentation in Metaverse', 'DAOs (Decentralized Autonomous organizations) are organizations that aim to change the centralized structure like the board of directors, chairman, etc. No one person or entity governs them. The rules of governance and operations are codified in smart contracts saved in the blockchain, which means they cannot be changed without a vote of all a DAO’s members. These are not physical organizations but they rather meet on virtual platforms like discords, Reddit, etc. The decision-making power is proportional to the number of tokens a person owns by purchasing it with cryptocurrency. ConstitutionDao raised tens of millions of dollars to buy the rare version of the U.S. Constitution and won against Hedge Fund Manager Ken Griffin, which shows the power of DAOs.', 'In the digital companies of the metaverse, the funding by current fortune 500 companies has modified the ideas of the game. It is sort of improbable for banks and different traditional economic foundations to stay aggressive through each one of the cycles that require rapid transformation and innovative arrangements. It moreover looks like it will likely be tough for them to stay aggressive if they don`t make important investments in the latest upcoming virtual assets as soon as possible. Working collectively with fintech and taking advantage of fintech improvements to have a presence on this new-age digital companies may be the fastest change manner to have a sizable presence withinside the meta international.', 'Supply and demand dynamics are driving people into the meta-economy. Over time, the market for metaverse real estate could evolve in a similar way as the real estate market in the analog world. In time, the virtual real estate market could start seeing services much like in the physical world, including credit, mortgages, and rental agreements. For both virtual worlds, the average investment in land was about $5,300, but prices have grown considerably from an average of $100 per land in January 2021 to $15,000 in December 2021, with rapid growth in the fourth quarter when the Sandbox Alpha was released.', 'As the need for money arises constantly, mortgaging in the metaverse is a brand new concept. Recently, TerraZero Technologies issued one of the first-ever mortgages in the metaverse, a network of virtual worlds where users can interact, experience entertainment, and trade. The tech firm issued the two-year mortgage with an undisclosed down payment and interest rate for a $45,000 parcel of land in Decentraland, a metaverse with approximately 92,000 parcels, as per TerraZero’s report. The firm followed a traditional real estate mortgage vetting process, self-financed the purchase and today holds the NFT, or non-fungible token to securitize the mortgaged land. This gives rise to a new generation of led transaction systems which can change the future potential outcomes for mortgaging.', 'Metaverse is one of the greatest tools for common people to make the most money and to step into the world of fame. New opportunities are emerging daily, giving rise to various possible outcomes in the future for finance in Metaverse. As innovation has surged leading to a new age DAO, ETFs, FD’s in cryptocurrency, and mortgaging which in turn gives the finance sector a boost. Metaverse has a lot of potential to bring changes in the lives of billions of people leading to a futuristic concept of decentralization.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:27 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-metaverse-will-change-your-life/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-metaverse-will-change-your-life/>
{'title': 'How Metaverse will change your life?', 'cont': ['Ever since the stone age, humans have been evolving in one way or the other. In the recent past, this wave of evolution is looking stronger than ever. If you look at the major turning points in human history, the invention of the internet happens to be one of the most significant ones. The internet has largely revolutionized humanity which makes us question “what the future holds for us?”. In 1991 for the first time, the word “World Wide Web” was coined which only contained a few sentences on a single page. A couple of years later a video went live on another website, things escalated quickly as you can see. Fast forward a few years later and you have YouTubers having a greater audience than a couple of news outlet giants. Throughout history, technology has made advancements that have given rise to entire new industries and economies. The metaverse is highly anticipated to be that jump in human history.', 'You would’ve been wondering what’s all this noise about this metaverse has been about? Well, we are here to explain. This first started on 29', ' November 2021 when Facebook announced that it was going to rename itself as ‘META’. Ever since then, speculations and conspiracy theories have been making rounds on the internet, and likely so. Because of the very limited information we have regarding the metaverse, it makes it obvious for one to speculate. META promises us a digital world powered by Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, and Virtual Reality giving us a life-like experience from the comfort of our homes.', 'We will discuss the things metaverse has to offer and the threats it poses below.', 'Metaverse as the name suggests a virtual reality space where users can interact with computer-generated systems and other users. It was also taken as a reference from the book “Snow Crash” written by Sci-fi writer Neal Stephenson. Metaverse is the extension of the internet we use but in a 3-D environment wherein the user is a part of the experience rather than just witnessing the experience on an audio-visual level. As early as its inception has taken place, the metaverse already has numerous takers, the majority of them being high-end gaming companies and tech giants like Microsoft. This alone is enough to indicate that major companies are already adopting the metaverse. The clothing giant H&M recently came up with a virtual store wherein the customers could roam around the store and shop some clothes but just virtually. I can already see the metaverse becoming a hit in the shopping arena as it could save the money being spent by companies on setting up stores, rather than spending the same amount of money on developing high-quality tech infrastructure. We can observe many businesses shift to the Metaverse similar to how businesses started to shift to cyberspace and social media. Virtual Reality is a step up and businesses are preparing to take part.', 'The metaverse as already mentioned has diverse applications in various fields. So here are some of the few applications of the metaverse which may be of the most significance-', 'As businesses continue to offer customers immersive experiences, entering the metaverse will be a no-brainer. With the Metaverse, businesses can explore new opportunities and stay up to date on the latest technologies. NVIDIA has already capitalized on the hype built around the metaverse by creating an Omniverse to connect the worlds within the Metaverse. It allows designers, researchers, and creators to collaborate and sell their products in virtual spaces. As we become more and more immersed in the metaverse, companies will continue getting more of our data which will further help them in making marketing strategies for individuals hence increasing the reach of their business. With the rise of the metaverse, many small companies will also be able to stand at the same level as the relatively larger companies, thus giving an equal playing field to all.', 'It is almost impossible to imagine the metaverse, the other, just-as-real world, operating without cryptocurrency. In a world where speed, transparency, and security are almost fundamental, crypto becomes a necessity rather than an option. At its heart, cryptocurrency is the perfect medium of exchange for this exponentially emerging hybrid world.', 'First, prompt, swift, and frequent transactions, like selling your vintage and immediately buying a new one, or even getting your hands on that NFT needs decentralization and transparency, where the power to approve and validate your desirous transactions rests with not just one centralized authority or hub, but rather with every participant in the network collectively, making it more democratic, accessible and quick! You do not repose your trust. Hacks and data breaches occur frequently, but if people are going to be expected to engage in a wholly online and virtual environment, the underlying platform on which they are going to be using needs to be secure. just in a single person.', 'With the rise of COVID-19, we all have seen how companies and offices quickly adapted themselves to the online hybrid model of work thus saving a lot of money that would’ve been otherwise spent on office maintenance (electricity bills, water bills, housekeeping staff, etc). Now, with the ongoing advent of the metaverse, offices can be built in a virtual set-up where employees can adopt working in a hybrid work-from-home environment. Though this type of working model is economically feasible, it won’t be an easy task to implement taking into account the toll it will take on employees’ mental health. I won’t be surprised if a decade later or so, all offices go virtual', 'The one thing the metaverse is going to completely revolutionize is the Entertainment industry. Both games and films in the past years have been striving to make the user experience as realistic and engaging as possible. We have all seen 3-D films, have at least heard about a 4-D movie and what it feels like to be in the theatre. By now, the only level we reached by now is giving the movie-goer a life-like experience by making seat movements, usage of surround sound, etc. But shortly, we can experience the films by being in the film itself. I know that it sounds like a scene from a sci-fi movie, but this is what advanced AR and VR do. The concept of cinema halls can also vanish shortly as everyone will have to buy a Meta Occulus to watch a movie.', 'Now coming to the gaming industry, gaming with VR is already popular but the gaming quality isn’t great. The overall graphics of a VR game does not even match the video quality of PC games, thus making it an inferior gaming experience. But as time passes, the technology is expected to develop. We have already seen games like Pokemon Go which apply the concept of Augmented Reality(AR) brilliantly to say the least. This game became so popular that it was once considered dangerous for children as it was very addictive and to be honest, a bit risky also. But the future of these games is not far, soon we all will be in a situation which we had only seen in the movies until now.', 'One of the most promising applications of the metaverse lies in healthcare. The healthcare sector will get revolutionized with the advent of the metaverse. Just like many industries are now racing to have a presence in the metaverse, healthcare will be performed in the metaverse as well. It already is. Forms of therapy that take place using virtual reality and augmented reality technologies are all happening in the metaverse. Physical therapy, cognitive therapy, support groups, and rehabilitation have all been taking place in the metaverse even before the term existed.', 'More recently, Medtronic acquired the company Digital Surgery and Zimmer Biomet announced\xa0', '\xa0which leverages the Microsoft HoloLens to merge real and virtual worlds. The investments being made by these large med-tech companies, combined with a growing number of startups developing AR and VR solutions, illustrate the way the surgical environment may change in the coming years.', 'Another example is\xa0', '\xa0which brings global healthcare professionals together for simultaneous education, training and planning as well as collaborative medical procedures. According to the company website, it uses advanced cloud and real-time communication technology to “empower clinicians to practice their skills with the utmost precision to ensure everyone receives the best healthcare delivery anytime and anywhere.”', 'Here are some of the threats we could face in the future:', 'The metaverse will likely require the addition of\xa0many new sensors\xa0into the home. Each one will monitor users as they browse the virtual world and interact with other avatars. By increasing the surface area of connected devices, users are thus widening the doorway into their network. In other words, they’re adding more avenues that bad actors can take when breaking into the network and stealing information.', 'Biometric information, body language, physical proportions, and social behaviors will likely become a point of targeted advertising in the metaverse. Enabled by the many sensors that monitor those factors, that information could be exploited for hyper-targeted advertising, personalized messaging, or manipulation.', 'Per\xa0CPO Magazine, sensors will provide “unprecedented insight into human biological processes and psychology in real-time.” Those sensors need to be safeguarded against bad actors hoping to take advantage of this sensitive information.', '\xa0VR-connected devices could become a vacuum of latent data collection. In the same vein as Amazon’s Alexa, AR glasses, cameras, microphones and sensors could become major violations of privacy. Such devices continuously monitor for activation phrases or actions.', 'But while doing so, they’re also actively storing snippets of information. With unparalleled access inside the home, user information, conversation, and action could be compromised even when users aren’t accessing their devices.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-metaverse-and-its-implications-for-our-digital-future/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-metaverse-and-its-implications-for-our-digital-future/>
{'title': 'The Metaverse and its Implications for our Digital Future.', 'cont': ['Many of us do know that recently Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO, and co-founder of Facebook, has announced that in the coming year’s Facebook’s identity will be changed to ‘META’. The aim of ‘META’ is to fabricate a metaverse; a metaverse that would be accessible for the masses.', 'We call the metaverse a fictional world; a fictional world that can also be defined as a hypothetical iteration of the present-day internet. In common words, the ', ' Metaverse allows us to experience the thrills with utmost realism simultaneously, with an assurance that we are completely safe at our place. The basic advantage of Metaverse is that it lets us explore and experience various things in a ', ' than the present-day internet. ‘A living shared everlasting virtual universe’ is Meta’s vision. ', ' – Metaverse enables us in making this quote true.', 'Augmented Reality (AR) can be described as an enhanced experience of the real world that is achieved using sensory stimuli delivered via automation. Whereas Virtual Reality (VR) can be represented as a stimulating experience that can be similar to or completely different from the real world. I think every one of us does know the applications of VR. Lastly, Mixed Reality (MR) can be defined as a new technology based on advancements in computer vision, cloud computing, etc; which is a blend of physical and digital worlds to produce a new environment for interactions. Finally, the motif of the day, ', 'The onset of the Metaverse will affect every infinitesimal aspect of our daily life. To be precise, Metaverse will thoroughly refashion modern-day society. The four aspects that will have major implications because of the origin of Metaverse are:', 'If we compare the gaming experiences in a Metaverse to those of present days, they both are ', '. Most of the present-day games are confined to normal display screens and only a few of them operate using the technologies of Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR). The game ‘Pokémon Go is the best example of an application of AR. ', 'The main difference is that the in-game universe now appears as a three-dimensional VR world that you can view in 360-degrees and almost “touch” through a realistic sense of perception. Coming to the experience of gaming in Metaverse, expands the above-mentioned concept to a much greater extent. You could be sitting in your place and the meanwhile, in the metaverse, you could be holding the sword with a bunch of bullets shot in the air towards you; with a military of armed warriors running towards you; you would be in the world of a Persian prince, or you would even be the number four of your PUBG squad. As said by many elders- ‘Strive for Greatness’ could be the motivation for those who pitched the idea of METAVERSE; I mean after experiencing gaming in the virtual reality, in the process of attaining something great could be born the idea of Metaverse. This could even possibly be how Metaverse started. My theories apart- Metaverse is potentially much bigger than Virtual Reality (VR). In present-day gaming, you could just see the screen but in Metaverse, you could live the game; you will experience every moment in-game as if it is happening right in front of your eyes.', 'Coming to entertainment, until now we’re limited to watching a film in 4Dx at the most; but when it comes to watching a film in Metaverse, you could ', ' in the film. Taking the film ‘300’ into consideration; while watching this film in the Metaverse, you would be virtually standing in between the armies and witnessing the war as if it is happening right in front of your eyes. I think with the advent of Metaverse, tickets for all kinds of entertainment shows would even be sold for a metaverse version and you could feel the moments staying at your place. Even if Justin Bieber’s concert is happening in a city situated 400Kms away from yours, you could experience the vibe of the concert just by one single tap.', 'People tend to remember things that they see much better than something they just hear. In the present-day education system, we are educated by listening to classes either directly or through some online means. But students do lack examples and other kinds of visual means which would help them remember the subject in a better way. On YouTube and other platforms, you are just able to see the screen. When it comes to education in the Metaverse, if you surfed about ‘The Solar System’, you could even stand on Saturn’s rings and get educated about them; you could even go onto the ‘dwarf planet’ and feel the extremes of temperatures; I think we could even go onto the sun (only virtually). Everything we surf will appear in front of our eyes enabling us not just to see but to sense and experience even. In today’s physical world, we do have a lot of barriers to getting a book physically; when we find it surfing through the internet, as we don’t feel the pages of the book in our hands, we tend to lose the internet in a very short period. With the origin of Metaverse, when you surf for a book on the internet, you will be able to feel its presence thereby enhancing your concentration on the book.', '– Metaverse helps us in removing all the barriers that exist in the physical world, letting us achieve or live our dreams. ', '– As we have no barriers, we are limitless in the Metaverse; For your illustration, in the physical world you might be a person who is bounded to a wheelchair, but in the metaverse, you could be running on the deadliest cliffs in the world or even be climbing up the Mount Everest. The best part of Metaverse is that it will make a few impossible things possible- ', '; For your demonstration, Metaverse will make ', ' possible. In the Metaverse, if you want to see the Eiffel Tower all you need to do is to surf for the Eiffel Tower, and just by one click, you will be teleported to the Eiffel Tower. Not just Teleportation, Metaverse makes manufacturing of means of transportation like a car ecologically sound. If physically manufacturing a car emits about 20 tons of Carbon Dioxide, a virtual car emits one by million millionth part of that. Metaverse will even make ', ' possible. We will be able to go back to Chandragupta Maurya’s reign and we could even meet the mastermind, Chanakya. ', '– Metaverse helps become everything you imagine yourself to be. In Metaverse, we do have avatars similar to our present-day display pictures; this avatar will be your representative in the Metaverse. You will be able to design your avatar, if you wish to have brown eyes, you could have them, if you want to be as tall as LeBron James, you will be able to, even if you want to have six fingers, you will be able to have them.', 'In the coming years, META is planning to come out with a project tentatively named ', '. Project Cambria is ', 'The elementary mission of this project is to overcome two of the big currently existing barriers to Metaverse which are- comfort and sensors. First one, the headset is very comfortable to wear and use, and also, its resolution is ', '. Second, the headset will be able to ', '. As stated, before by Meta, this headset is their way to make the Metaverse accessible for most of the masses, and hence, I feel this headset would be available for an affordable price.', 'I would like to conclude by stating that the moment Metaverse comes into existence, the present-day world and society would never be the same. Metaverse has many more positive implications than one could imagine it could have. Though Metaverse has its cons, I would like everyone to look at the positive implications which will make our lives very much better than today. I wish Metaverse comes into existence very sooner and will be feasible for most on this planet.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/do-all-social-media-is-owned-by-meta/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/do-all-social-media-is-owned-by-meta/>
{'title': 'Do All Social Media Is Owned By Meta?', 'cont': ['Meta is an open-source meta-search engine that indexes the results of query engines and crawlers, such as Google Search, Bing, or Yahoo! It aims to deprecate crawling technologies like robots.txt files and meta tags used by various search engines so that only a single indexing system can crawl web pages in order to create full-text search engine results for each page returned by multiple searches (i.e., it disables meta-based site cloaking).', 'Meta platforms is a California-based company. It was started as an acquisition in Facebook Inc. In 2011 meta became meta networks, incorporated on the back of 22 acquisitions since its inception in 2007, and the latest one being The Associated Press under purchase agreement for SAP during June 2016.', 'Meta is a meta website that mainly provides meta tag data and helps to generate search engine results. Google, Yahoo! and Bing all add meta tags when they index pages on the internet. Facebook Inc also has an initiative known as Meta Tags for Search Engine Optimization (SEO) which enables their webpages to get themselves indexed out-of-the-box by some of the major search engines with no need for human intervention or any manual process at all.', 'The metaverse is a term used in science fiction and futurism to refer to an imagined private virtual space that one could enter using immersive virtual reality technology. The metaverse can be considered the Internet of things (IoT), augmented reality, social media, or any other way we might interact with information online today. It is impossible for the metaverse to exist because there are no standards at this time. Metaverse was first introduced by Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg.', 'Instagram is a photo and video-sharing social networking platform that was launched in 2010. Through the Instagram app, users can upload, edit, and tag photos and videos. The company remained independent up until it was acquired by Meta for $1.0 billion in 2012. While Meta bought Instagram as the photo-sharing company was garnering significant attention from venture capital firms and other investors.', 'When it acquired Instagram, Meta opted to build and grow the Instagram app independently from Meta’s main Facebook platform; Instagram remains a separate platform to this day.', 'The price that Meta paid for Instagram, which at that time was generating no revenue, reflects Meta’s willingness to pay a premium for young companies.', 'WhatsApp is a messenger and calling service available to users throughout the world. The platform was launched in 2009 as a low-cost alternative to standard text messaging services. Throughout much of its history, WhatsApp has allowed users to send messages and make calls directly to other users for no cost, regardless of location. Users can also send photos, videos, and documents over the platform. Meta bought WhatsApp at a time when the smaller company boasted more than 400 million active monthly users, making it a fast-growing potential rival to the Facebook network platform.', 'When Meta purchased WhatsApp, it was an independent company that had recently been valued at $1.5 billion. Although it is unclear exactly how much revenue WhatsApp generates,\xa0some estimates are that WhatsApp revenue will be as high as $5 billion by 2020.', 'Just weeks after announcing its acquisition of WhatsApp, Meta followed up by buying virtual reality hardware and software company Oculus VR. This company was founded in 2012 and is best known for its Oculus Rift product, a virtual reality headset that was designed for video gaming. Since Facebook’s purchase of Oculus VR in 2014, the subsidiary has made multiple acquisitions of its own. Perhaps the most prominent was the 2015 purchase of Surreal Vision, a company specializing in 3D scene mapping reconstruction.', 'At the time that Meta acquired Oculus VR, the company had only produced a development prototype of what would become its popular headset product. Meta’s purchase of Oculus VR gave it an instant presence in the virtual reality market at a time when developers were showing a growing interest in VR.', 'Founded in 2010, Israeli company Onavo performs web analytics on other mobile apps to determine customer usage. Meta acquired Onavo in October 2013 for an undisclosed amount that some analysts estimated to be between $100 million and $200 million.', 'At the time of the acquisition, Onavo was an independent company. Although Onavo is not one of Meta’s largest acquisitions, Onavo’s technology may have allowed Meta to make crucial early determinations about other companies and apps to acquire. Onavo has occasionally been classified as spyware, forcing Meta to pull Onavo from both the iOS and Android app stores in the face of criticism.', 'Messaging app service Beluga, founded in 2010, was acquired by Meta a year later. Meta bought Beluga in the midst of the startup’s fundraising process for an undisclosed sum. In buying Beluga, Facebook acquired the technology that eventually became the social media company’s highly successful Messenger platform. In the process, Meta again expanded its offerings and eliminated a potential rival.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-metaverse-is-shaping-the-future-the-next-big-tech-phenomena/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:28 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-metaverse-is-shaping-the-future-the-next-big-tech-phenomena/>
{'title': 'How Metaverse is Shaping the Future?', 'cont': ['The Metaverse is an enormously graded and integrated network of real-time delivered 3D virtual realms that can be encountered simultaneously and insistently by an effectively infinite number of users, each with their own sense of presence and data such as individuality, background, welfare benefits, objects, communications, and payouts.', 'What does Facebook mean by the term “metaverse”?', 'On October 28, 2021, Facebook announced that it had renamed Meta Platforms Inc., or Meta for brief, a name it deliberately chose to monetize on what will undoubtedly be the inevitable future of global connectivity and, possibly, of life itself.', '“A sense of presence — as if you’re right there with another person or in another place — will become the defining trait of the metaverse.” The ultimate goal of social technology is to feel fully present with another person. That is why, following the announcement, CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in his Founder’s Letter, “We are focused on developing this.” In a 77-minute webcast, Zuckerberg went even farther, giving millions of people around the world a glimpse into what the metaverse will look and feel like.', 'Another major Big Tech player, Microsoft, is attempting to create a metaverse. Mesh is the name of the concept. “Holoportation,” as the business puts it, is one of its most intriguing aspects. Simply, users will be able to project holographic versions of themselves onto other users.', 'Its virtual and augmented realities are best experienced with HoloLens devices, a one-of-a-kind technology that can completely transform the ‘Holoportation’ experience. Mesh, on the other hand, can be accessed using VR headsets, mobile phones, tablets, or computers.', 'Roblox and Fortnite are two more advanced metaverse platforms. The former is really intriguing.', 'Roblox, which debuted in 2006 and has since grown in popularity to the point where more than half of all American children under the age of 16 played it in 2020, is more than simply a game.', 'As an example, consider a fair where guests can play games at stalls. In the virtual world, Roblox is similar to a gigantic fair. Its users can create and monetize their own games on the site by exchanging the virtual currency known as Robux that they earn on the network for real money.', 'Gamers that are serious about their hobby may attest to this. When it was first released in 2000, The Sims, one of the most well-known games of all time, allowed players to experience a life simulation through their virtual avatars. Its numerous sequels and spin-offs have only added to the overall immersion of “living in virtual reality.”', 'The Sims provided a sneak peek into what a future metaverse experience would be like. Second Life was created by Linden Lab, an American technology corporation, in 2003. Virtual reality enthusiasts and professionals alike credit Second Life with technically sowing the metaverse’s seeds.', 'Second Life gives its users the opportunity to live a second life, as the name implies. On the platform, actual people may build 3D virtual avatars and accomplish practically everything they can in the real world.', 'Second Life is a virtual environment where people can communicate with one another and build relationships using their virtual identities. They can plan events, attend them, and express themselves through music and art, as well as interact with virtual objects in the area and even help create virtual structures in Second Life. Religious courses, concerts, and business meetings are all available to them.', 'There are other educational institutions and embassies to consider. The Maldives was the first government to establish a virtual embassy in Second Life in 2007.', 'Second Life’s closed-loop digital currency, the Linden Dollar (not to be confused with a cryptocurrency), can be used to resell virtual objects. Players can engage with each other in a number of games, including the multiplayer online role-playing game World of Warcraft, which was debuted in 2004. This is a type of social network where people establish communities around games.', 'The introduction of virtual reality headsets such as Oculus has given the metaverse a big boost. Games designed specifically for virtual reality headsets are already generating a lot of revenue. From USD 7.92 billion in 2021 to USD 53.44 billion in 2028, the worldwide virtual reality gaming market is expected to rise to USD 53.44 billion.', 'AR takes it a step further by enhancing the user’s sense of reality through the use of technology. It’s similar to gaining more information about a real-world object while seeing it through an AR gadget or headset.', 'Returning to the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) flicks featuring Iron Man is a traditional approach to grasp this. Tony Stark (aka our favorite Iron Man) played by Robert Downey Jr. revealed technology that is still beyond our wildest dreams. There are various moments in which he is wearing the Iron Man suit and receiving information and various visualizations of things that he is viewing in real-time on his heads-up display (HUD). That is, to a large extent, AR. After all, these are movies, and Iron Man enters regions of extremely advanced technology that will take decades to reach reality.', 'The speed with which the actual world is attempting to make VR/AR and the metaverse a reality is, however, remarkable. Apple Inc. has already gotten into augmented reality, claiming to have “the world’s largest AR platform.” Several AR apps are available on the App Store, and they may be used for everything from making Snapchat videos more entertaining to examining 3D projects in AR. Nreal, a Chinese augmented reality firm, released the Nreal Light glasses in 2020 and will begin distributing the Nreal Air glasses to China, Japan, and South Korea in December 2021. Furthermore, consumer augmented reality glasses resemble conventional luxury fashion shades, making the enhanced reality experience more thrilling.', 'The speed with which the actual world is attempting to make VR/AR and the metaverse a reality is, however, remarkable. Apple Inc. has already gotten into augmented reality, claiming to have “the world’s largest AR platform.” Several AR apps are available on the App Store, and they may be used for everything from making Snapchat videos more entertaining to examining 3D projects in AR.', 'Nreal, a Chinese augmented reality firm, released the Nreal Light glasses in 2020 and will begin distributing the Nreal Air glasses to China, Japan, and South Korea in December 2021. Furthermore, consumer augmented reality glasses resemble conventional luxury fashion shades, making the enhanced reality experience more thrilling. ', 'Almost everyone wanted to be a pioneer in the meta-universe when it was first created. On Decentraland, Coca-Cola launched a one-of-a-kind collection of blockchain-based content. You can engage in NFT auctions and win items like friendship cards or sound players that replicate the opening of a Coca-Cola can as part of your online activity.', 'On the website Roblox, Gucci declared its arrival in the meta-universe and sold its digital package for $4,115. NFT certification has been obtained by the owner. It’s worth noting that this bag is more expensive than its physical counterpart, which retails for $3,400 in stores. This appears to be the case today, albeit few women may appreciate NFT bags on their birthdays.', 'From an investing standpoint, Metaverse opens up a slew of new possibilities in the digital real estate market, while simultaneously boosting the value of current technological businesses (Facebook, Tencent, Microsoft, and so on) who are comfortable in the space. Non-tech enterprises, on the other hand, that can benefit from the resource needs of sales and marketing prospects (Coca-Cola, marketing firms) or infrastructure (Nvidia, Qualcomm, and so on) will find chances in Metaverse. New businesses can start from the ground up and continue to flourish in the future. Initial Public Offering (IPO) Success (Decentraland etc.).', 'The value of some Crypto and the entire NFT market may rise as a result of the meta-universe. It has the potential to save expenses and improve the efficiency of businesses. NFT, blockchain, and cryptocurrency all point to the meta world. Of course, there are additional investing prospects in Metaverse. These prospects aren’t as evident as they formerly were. These opportunities will emerge as the future unfolds. In the digital world, the Metaverse may have its own capital market.', 'Investment firms, venture capital firms, SPACs, funds, and small investors will be interested in Metaverse’s tales and investment prospects, which offer high valuations and potential returns.', 'The most widespread misconception regarding Metaverse is that it is a decentralized and interoperable platform, similar to the Internet, on which numerous businesses operate. However, this necessitates the ability to exchange acquired assets (land, property, artwork, and currency) between different locations, which NFT and blockchain systems can facilitate.', 'The company’s marketing activities will be raised to a whole new level, based on the current scenario. A constantly targeted advertisement can be presented to us through our room, which is more complicated than using Instagram to tell the tale (it’s already more complicated than TV commercials).', 'Metaverse will undoubtedly revolutionize the social media environment, given its ability to fundamentally change our lives. Marketing and the creator economy are two of the most fascinating and exciting aspects of the new world. Advertisers will have access to more data than ever before, and complicated placement will be taken to new heights. The information will be more precise and valuable. Brands will need to establish digital twins and either follow or control the meta. The universe’s latest fad. Some have already taken action, and powerful people might consider developing avatars in the meta-universe and collaborating with brands.', 'Meta universe gives creators a new method to interact and communicate with their fans and influencers. Food KOLs can cook with followers, travel specialists can share their experiences, sports KOLs will be surrounded by their supporters, and so on. This is a playground with almost no boundaries on this topic, allowing all players, whether important individuals or businesses, to become pioneers, inventors, and creative geniuses.', 'Meta Universe opens up a world of possibilities for global marketers, and it may be used in practically any business. Influencer marketing, on the other hand, appears to be on the rise in the digital era. Meta Universe, which is as crowded as the internet celebrity sector, now allows everyone to begin their internet-famous path. Simultaneously, it allows established personalities to build two identities in the digital domain, and the brand will attempt to consolidate their Innovation and prestige; after all, fashion firms want to stay ahead of the competition.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:29 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-are-the-challenges-and-acceptance-of-e-learning-during-the-covid-19-for-students-and-teachers-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:29 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-are-the-challenges-and-acceptance-of-e-learning-during-the-covid-19-for-students-and-teachers-2/>
{'title': 'Advantages and Disadvantages of E-learning during the COVID-19 for students and teachers', 'cont': ['With the sudden emergence of the covid-19 pandemic worldwide in 2020, there was a disturbance in every sector of the economy which had evidently impacted every citizen physically, mentally, and financially, be it rich or poor. With so many obstacles to contend with, learning is the most difficult. The system of education has changed dramatically all over the world whereby there is an upsurge in the process of e-learning adopting different methods of teaching and learning on digital platforms.', 'struggle to manage to have two meals in a day', 'As of Sept 20, 2020, nearly 1.077 billion learners are affected due to the school’s closure in response to the Outbreak. More than 32 crores of learners have been affected in India due to various limitations and the global lockdown for COVID-19. According to the UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) report, around 14 crores of primary and 13 crores of secondary students are affected, the two most affected states in India.', '\xa0Billions of unprivileged students out there do not have access to a stable internet connection or they just can’t afford to have a connection along with the increased expenses during the pandemic with the income being unreliable as well. This further increases the education gap between the rich who can afford it and the poor who cannot.', 'The technological advancements can never surpass the essence of classroom learning as they can never match the application-based and practical learning which can only be provided through real classroom learning. It lacks interaction and delivery of expression both ways which can result in a lack of clarity.', 'e-learning lacks the delivery of moral values and knowledge other than academics. One fails to learn the discipline, classroom etiquette, and life skills which are left out while learning via screens. It lacks an emotional connection.', 'Offline learning also involves having different live competitions, debates, street plays, cultural events, exchange of speeches, etc which inject the traits of team spirit, leadership, morale, communication skills and gives them access to a wide range of ideas that get limited in the case of virtual learning.', 'Staying up to date with the transformation in modern technologies can be a task for the students and teachers as well. Let alone those small kids who are yet to start or just started with their journey of school.', 'Lack of motivation among students and teachers to sit in front of the screens for hours to work is yet another challenge faced. It’s quite a tedious task to gather efforts to study in isolation giving rise to the stress and anxiety', 'We can’t even get started with the physical harm of students sitting in front of screens, having no outdoor breaks, and being occupied with loads of work throughout the day. The pressure to concentrate and produce the required results leads to exhaustion.', 'Increased screen time can cause the strain on eyes affecting the eyesight resulting in headaches. The lack of physical activity is taking a toll on students and life, making them mentally frustrated and physically in bad shape.', 'Nonetheless, the rapid increase of e-learning has provided a platform for imparting education to a great extent bridging the challenges posed by the outbreak of the pandemic. The government has always played a major role in contributing towards education and uplifting the economically backward section. However, some issues urgently need to be looked after and need an instant boost for the better future of our millennials.', 'With that being said, I would also like to add that change starts from the individual initiative. We succeed only by uplifting others. We can figure out ways to increase concentration, motivation, so to develop clarity, and also mentor our peers who need help.', 'Practical schedules can be made for students to allow them to have some time away from the screens and indulge in any outdoor activity so to overcome the issues of stress, anxiety, frustration, giving a boost to better mental and physical health.', 'In my opinion, virtual teaching can be a great substitute for the in situation but it can never replace the education imparted through real classroom teaching.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:29 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-limitation-of-e-learning-classes/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:29 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-limitation-of-e-learning-classes/>
{'title': 'What is the limitation of e-learning classes?', 'cont': ['The advent of Covid 19 has boycotted the entire world. An unexpected event in Wuhan, China has spread massively infecting people globally. Although the mortality rate is 4.3%, the spread of the disease is very difficult to contain. As such, the WHO along with many health authorities in the world has joined hands to form some rules and guidelines on how to keep the disease in check. One of the important parts of the regulation that is seen across the world is social distancing. As per WHO regulations all human beings must maintain a distance of 2 meters among themselves to prevent the spread. This has led to a very difficult problem of commuting to work, working in offices, public or social gathering and even contact between human beings has become restricted. The world right now is going through lockdown situations and quarantine and curfews are applicable in most countries. Needless to say that this affected trade and businesses, from local to global.', 'Researchers at (The Conference Board’s ESG Center, 2020) believe that the precautions set by the health departments and WHO must be maintained by every country to keep the virus contained. The most crucial step is to maintain no direct contact with anyone infected. That is also the reason why infected patients in the hospitals are being quarantined. While the health sector is booming and funding is being given globally for research and development. Other economies are getting highly affected. The biggest test for firms to improve on their organization culture and increase employee engagement. Working from home has risen as an opportunity for increased outsourcing and freelance workers. With this point of view researcher (JENKINS, 2020) says that e-commerce businesses are booming now. Online companies and services like social media, online TV viewing services, and even piracy are on the rise, as people are looking for more and more ways to spend their time at home. The education sector too, will not be affected much, as lessons and exams will be conducted online in the time of the pandemic.', 'However, the challenge of the education sector is much more than we thought it was. Unprecedented challenges and situations engulf the students as they struggle to learn their subjects online. One of the major problems that students faced during the transition from person to online is the maintenance and consistency of the rigid schedule that the school or the University maintained. The change process has been too quick on students. While some have adapted to the fast-changing world, most struggle to find their concentration juggling studies in a home environment.', 'Moreover, a crisis of student retention has also cropped up as most students in the international sector had to suddenly pack their belongings and move away from campus, finishing their semester online. This has raised a fundamental question, of those students will return for their summer semester. Moving to more developing countries, the e-learning concept lies elsewhere. Education is now based upon the possession of technological devices, such as smartphones, unlimited internet plans, and laptops or computers. With the mass population being in the low and middle-income group there are gadget shortages in households. Many of the students share laptops, computers, or phones with their parents or siblings to keep up with the coursework. With most parents now running to the electronic stores, less-privileged families are kept on wondering regarding the continuity of education. Not only does e-learning requires preparation, but it is suited for an environment more technologically advanced. Even the educators at government schools seem to be grappling with technological difficulties, causing huge gaps in communication and understanding. Owing to a lack of human interaction, concentration and communication is a problem common to students as well as educators.', 'It must also be said that sound technical knowledge is not possessed by all. Not every student is tech-savvy and limited access to high bandwidth internet causes technical confusion and disruption. Compatibility of operating systems, browsers add another layer of frustration to their daily schedule. With such frequent disruptions in the learning process, students feel isolated with increased stress, anxiety, and depression. Researchers (Youssef, Hallit, Kheir, Obeid, & Hallit, 2020) point out that with growing internet usage in daily activities students displayed addictive behaviors, which in turn showed negative impacts on their mental well-being. A major point stated by the researchers was that there was no unified system of information or a reliable platform that the Universities and the schools could use to impart their classes. This, coupled with the absence of the human factor resulted in an inconsistency in the perception levels of the students. Thus, many of them were diagnosed with “loneliness” and a lack of “connection” with like-minded individuals. Even the quality of friendships was reevaluated in such circumstances. Thus, improper use of e-learning can very well be categorized as factors leading to “Problematic Internet Use”.', 'Concerning behavioral changes, the limitations of e-learning lie in the fact that reading body language is restricted. A survey by Ed Tech Review showed that almost 77% of college students from a span of 800 colleges found e-learning much worse than in-campus learning. This has been majorly due to lack of human interaction, and student engagement in the virtual classrooms. Although the digitized classes are equipped with forums and chat rooms, the absence of a teacher in physical being and the inability to discuss freely on subjects have been crucial issues. Researcher (Y., 2020) explained that classrooms were a center of the technical and methodical process even before the pandemic affected us, and now that we live in the Covid-19 affected world things have changed drastically. In simpler times, the performance of a student would have been based on adaptability, self-motivation, attendance, communication, creativity, dependability, initiative, teamwork, and punctuality. Now, with the online learning situation most of these factors, if not all, have become invalid and do nothing to build up a nourished individual. This leads to maladaptive cognitive behavior leading to reduced enlightenment through education. With a little thought, it can be said that it is a highly dangerous situation with the fate of the world depending on such future generations. As Nassim Nicholas Taleb points out in his book, “Antifragile”, the future of Generation X is extremely fragile and hard to grow from shocks and volatile factors\xa0(Taleb, Jan 28, 2014).', 'Furthermore, the age of digitization also brings security issues that now the students need to face. Since the beginning of the outbreak, online platforms have been a breeding ground for cyber-crimes. Many intuitions have fallen prey to such crimes, especially those using Zoom for their online classes. With no care for privacy policy and data storage, these companies store and misuse the data that can be leaked throughout the web. Most concerning of which are the exam papers and results in much before the stipulated date. The University of Sunderland in the UK is one such university that had to cancel its online classes. With many students using their login information a large amount of data would be stored in the cloud environment thereby acting as bait for hackers and phishing activities.', 'While speaking of specific countries, many also face social and economic disturbances, which act as a hindrance to e-learning. In developing countries like India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and many others frequent power shortages and unavailability of the internet are major sources of problems in the education sector.', 'Digital literacy is also a major issue faced by students all over the world. Although Generation Z is fast learners and adept in technology, they still face the nuances of the regular login, submit school work through online portals, and communicate with their classmates and teachers via audio-visual platforms. That being said, none of the parties are educated at online etiquette and their rights and responsibilities while conducting themselves at an online forum. There are a clear set of rules, as to not posting offensive comments, not eating or drinking without permission, and maintaining strict honesty at exams. In India especially, much like the demonetization policy, the sudden change in digitization has caused havoc, as students, as well as teachers, have no clue how to conduct themselves. There is a huge demand for digital etiquettes and integrity, along with self-management techniques that are yet to be explored by those attending and imparting online learning. It is thus, strongly suggested that educational institutions impart digital literacy before conducting any classes online.', 'The most common but overruled problem of all that everyone faces, including students and teachers, are distractions. Whether it is a pet or the nuances of online deliveries, students are constantly distracted by something or the other in their virtual classrooms. Having said that, time management is also an issue that crops up. With a growing mind, it is extremely difficult for young minds to be entirely self-motivated and serious about their routines and virtual discussions. As mentioned earlier disruption of routine and consistency is a challenging factor and can only be brought about with sufficient self-development and awareness. The only way out is unbending focus and creating a to-do list to maintain a focused approach.', 'On the whole, it can be said that Covid-19 has been the most unpredictable event in history, and businesses and even the governments have been having a tough time making crucial decisions. The decision to introduce online classes is one of such steps which are being promoted to reduce human contact to reduce the transmission rate of the virus. However, the concept of online classes is still an area that needs to be perfected and modified considering the socio-economic and political factors of countries. Economists also say that taking the right decision is important and the scope of online learning needs to be strategically explored as far as possible. Due to the virus, online strategy is being promoted. The main goal here is to reduce the engagement of people and contacts. However, engagement in education and communication with a human factor needs to be strongly reconsidered.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:29 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-are-the-challenges-and-acceptance-of-e-learning-during-the-covid-19-for-students-and-teachers/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:29 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-are-the-challenges-and-acceptance-of-e-learning-during-the-covid-19-for-students-and-teachers/>
{'title': 'What are the challenges, and acceptance of e-learning during the COVID-19 for students and teachers?', 'cont': ['A lot of excitement in meeting friends, a bit of fear of the new teachers, and a lot of fear of the old teachers who are about to ask you about the holiday homework they assigned. Dreaming about the things you are going to do when u go back to school and things you are going to speak with your friends in those noisy teachers fewer classrooms and hallways during breaks. This is how everyone’s summer break ends either with a lot of excitement or a huge load of fear. But this was not the case with the last summer break, a change happened- a big change! There was neither excitement nor fear in students. Leaves were extended but no happiness, homework deadline got moved-no relief, you may wonder what’s wrong with them… but it was just like providing a key to a million-dollar but empty mansion on a deserted island. No games, no friends, no teachers, you and your family worrying about one of the deadliest viruses and its effect on your loved ones. One of the memorable parts of childhood were grabbed from these students and got merely substituted by e-learning', 'Google defines that e-learning means learning conducted via electronic media, typically on the internet. As you can see its learning is conducted via media, not schooling conducted via media. The first challenge every student face that is e-learning becomes a site for learning. Schools are not just made for learning. We have caching institutes for that. We don’t need schools to perform them. Students find it difficult to adapt to the new condition that was imposed on them suddenly. Students feel that schools conduct lectures that look like taking Wikipedia pages. Students suffer from understanding concepts. People think that this will allow them to communicate effectively and directly with their teachers for doubt and help in front of the whole class. People may think that this will help them to speak up, Be bolder. No, it will certainly not help them speak up. Necessities alone never change people, sometimes they need motivation, a boost, someone to give up the confidence to speak up, and these things can be never given by the e-learning platforms. They would rather keep their doubt unsolved. It’s not the same. No UHD screen can replace the blackboard. A physical presence of the teacher and direct eye-to-board contact while those classroom gets filled with the voice of your teachers while you sit with your friend who you can lean on whenever you get a doubt or lack behind. This could never be compared with a desk a chair laptop and earphones. Virtuality is made to ease reality not to replace it.', 'It was not easy for teachers either, workload got doubled even though their pay gets reduced. Working from home, teaching kids with the workspace they have, talking to a screen rather than 30 faces is really difficult and teachers have been working and doing a great job in making students feel more comfortable. Taking care of their family during pandemics and students is never an easy job. Teachers suffer a lot to make learning fun for students. All they can do is to try and accept that this will never be a classroom and learn to live with the fact that teaching is going to be hard this way in the same way learning is and try to give their best from both sides In-order to achieve e-learning as a reliable source of education.', 'Self-motivation among students to learn new things and stay focused on the class rather than performing any other activities on the electronic gadgets remain hard. Even many adults find it difficult to sit through a 2-hour meeting and how can you expect a student half ur age to attend a class for 6 to 8 hours a day. Even though there are breaks in-between but the interest in learning starts to fade away as the day passes. One has the ultimate power to control the teacher virtually, from the voice level to the screen ratio, and even has an ultimate choice whether he wants to look to the teacher while photosynthesis. One finds its hard-to-find online classes intriguing even though teacher try their level best in making a class so much interesting. But one can’t just expect a teacher to be Walt Disney all the time, creating a movie or animation for every class just to make it interesting. I would rather sit in the hall of 100 to hear a motivational speaker speak rather than hear the recording in my 20000 RS music player. The audio quality may be superficial but the transfer of energy, the liveliness, and the feel of you learning something directly from the speaker as you can see them move, project that information out at you directly is something one will feel and miss after sitting through 8-hour classes for a week.', 'But the teachers continued effects in making these classes intriguing for the kids and students adapting to the new method of education is happening. Even though they were time-consuming but students after a year came to understand that education has taken a drastic change and try to cope up with that. Teachers’ excellent effort and students’ bit of self-motivation and a guiding way from parents can revolutionize the way of learning. However, it may never overtake schooling but can be a safer and reliable approach to education.', 'On March 23, 2020, covid cases appeared in India, now 18 Nov 2021. Even After a year school has not turned to normal. Accepting that this phase should not affect the learning flow of any students is the main part of students. Teachers ensure that every child learns but as the distance increases the way we push from our side to reach out complete knowledge becomes necessary and students adapting to a new system is time consuming but one day this will change. And students will accept the pros of the system over the cons. Let’s self-motivate ourselves to teach and learn. And hustle knowledge.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:30 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/problems-faced-by-students-in-online-classes-during-covid-19/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:30 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/problems-faced-by-students-in-online-classes-during-covid-19/>
{'title': 'Problems faced by students in online classes during COVID-19', 'cont': ['The Covid-19 pandemic and the prolonged lockdown induced by it has made working as well as studying from home the new normal. Though the concept of online learning existed even during the pre-pandemic era, the phenomenon has certainly reached an altogether different level and intensity in these trying times.', 'All stakeholders, including students, teachers, and institutions are forced to overcome challenges that have come with this sudden and often hastily executed online learning programs.', 'In a lot of cases, the key driver for the adoption of a technology platform was whether or not it was free.', 'This led to a lot of products being adopted which made the adoption curve significantly steeper. There was a lot of predatory behavior by some of the large technology players to get a foothold in the education sector.', 'This led to new verbs like “zoom bombing” being added to the English lexicon.', 'One of the major stumbling blocks about online learning is the lack of strong and stable internet connections, as the ones conventionally used at homes have either low bandwidth or have exhausted their limits.', 'Just the process of logging in for a class itself becomes a cumbersome process for students and teachers alike. Even as upgrading the broadband connection is a prima facie solution, but it certainly isn’t a fool-proof one.', 'What’s needed for the purpose is a tool that can make logging in a one-time process. There’s a need for an app wherein both teachers and students can simply select their class/subject and get going.', 'Assessing a student in the right manner is an integral component of the education system. Under normal circumstances, students are made to take a test or appear in an examination on school premises, unfortunately, that’s not a possibility now.', 'In online learning, assessing students through a Multiple-Choice Question (MCQ) mechanism is still feasible as a stopgap but real learning is measured by conducting a subjective assessment — this is one of the biggest challenges for traditional EdTech solutions that are predominantly MCQ based.', 'So, what’s needed here is a tool that provides a comprehensive assessment system wherein the requirements of both the teachers as well as the students are met.', 'Accept it or not, there are quite a few students who try to leverage the easy way to success. It has become easier for them to cheat while using online learning systems.', 'While we agree that this is primarily about being self-disciplined, educational institutions should look at minimizing the possibility of students subverting the sanctity of assessments that are used to improve the learning of the class and the student too.', 'To check this menace, we have developed a secure mechanism on our platform wherein the teacher is immediately informed when a student leaves the examination screen to access a browser, etc.', 'We also shuffle the questions so children cannot use communication mediums to get an unfair advantage.', 'No matter what you do on the Internet, concern about data privacy and security is always associated. Usually, teachers conduct online classes through free platforms such as ZOOM and Google Classroom.', 'But they are not the safest or the most secure tools for learning. The need is to make use of new-age EdTech platforms that ensure a safe online environment.', 'Last but possibly the most significant challenges associated with online learning is monotony and boredom induced by increased exposure to the screen as well as the modus operandi of sitting at one restricted spot for prolonged hours.', 'The onus of breaking this boredom or fatigue lies with the teachers and the educational institution. There is a need for a consistent endeavor to make the session as interactive as feasible.', 'Taking this aspect of online learning into consideration, we have developed a mechanism in our EdTech platform through which students can be engaged in polls and other similar activities. There is also a provision of a whiteboard-style tool wherein teachers and students can draw or write anything, eventually making learning more interactive.', 'The concept of traditional education has changed radically within the last couple of years. Being physically present in a classroom isn’t the only learning option anymore — not with the rise of the internet and new technologies, at least. Nowadays, you have access to a quality education whenever and wherever you want, as long as you can get online. We are now entering a new era — the revolution of online education.', 'There’s no need to discount the skepticism surrounding education through the internet. It’s hard to understand the notion of leaving behind the conventional classroom, especially if it’s to face this vast space called The Internet.', 'Keep on reading to learn five more reasons why you should get involved in online education:', 'Online education enables the teacher and the student to set their own learning pace, and there’s the added flexibility of setting a schedule that fits everyone’s agenda. As a result, using an online educational platform allows for a better balance of work and studies, so there’s no need to give anything up. Studying online teaches you vital time management skills, which makes finding a good work-study balance easier. Having a common agenda between the student and teacher can also prompt both parties to accept new responsibilities and have more autonomy.', 'In a space as vast as the internet, there are infinite skills and subjects to teach and learn. A growing number of universities and higher education schools are offering online versions of their programs for various levels and disciplines. From music composition to quantum physics, there are options for every type of student. Studying your program online is also a great option for getting an official certificate, diploma, or degree without physically setting foot on a university campus.', 'Online education enables you to study or teach from anywhere in the world. This means there’s no need to commute from one place to another or follow a rigid schedule. On top of that, not only do you save time, but you also save money, which can be spent on other priorities. The virtual classroom is also available anywhere there’s an internet connection, and a good way to take advantage of this is to travel. For example, if you’re studying abroad and want to get a job, online education is a great choice. There’s no reason to give up on working or studying while exploring new and exotic places.', 'As mentioned before how flexibility can help you to set your own study pace. But online education is also flexible for each student’s requirements and level of ability.', 'Online classes tend to be smaller than conventional class sizes. Most of the time, online learning platforms only allow one student at a time, and in almost all cases, this allows for greater interaction and more feedback between you and your tutor.', 'There’s often access to very diverse material such as videos, photos, and eBooks online as well, and tutors can also integrate other formats like forums or discussions to improve their lessons.', 'Unlike in-person education methods, online education tends to be more affordable. There’s also often a wide range of payment options that let you pay in installments or per class. This allows for better budget management. Many of you may also be subject to discounts or scholarships, so the price is rarely high. You can also save money from the commute and class materials, which are often available for free. In other words, the monetary investment is less, but the results can be better than other options.', 'These are only a few reasons to choose online education, and why 90 percent of students today think that online learning is the same or better than the traditional classroom experience. Every student must assess their unique situation and decide according to their needs and goals, and while this alternative to traditional education is not for everyone, it’s still a convenient option with virtually endless options for international students all over the world.', 'We have looked at both the positives as well as negatives of online education and when you compare them it can be observed and that’s what I feel, online education in today’s hour is a problematic norm which has taken over the world, whereby the students aren’t receiving the best learning due to the restrictions which are revolving around online teaching and the methods which are adopted aren’t much use with the students’ engagement, causing a lot of distress for them to be able to adapt what’s thrown at them quickly and easily.', 'This topic can be written in unlimited pages, however considering the limitation of the words and also things changing each day about the education patterns, you can never figure out what’s good and what’s not.', 'Hence, I would like to end my article here by saying: “Keep Learning, Method Could Be Any”.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:30 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-on-engineering-and-medical-college-during-this-pandemic-lockdown/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:30 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-on-engineering-and-medical-college-during-this-pandemic-lockdown/>
{'title': 'Impact of COVID-19 on Engineering and Medical College during this pandemic lockdown', 'cont': ['Engineering is all about getting exposure, interaction, and practical experiences. However, the lockdown and pandemic have hit our college life and routine hardly. Others were celebrating the ‘long weekend’ they got, but unaware of the loss it caused.', 'Sitting in an online class was equivalent to watching an online course. Without interaction and gossip, the classes were lifeless. Soon we started missing classrooms and canteens. Nostalgia was immense and coping with it was another rock-like problem.', 'The college campus not only gives live interaction and engagement but opens the door for hundreds of opportunities. And the major benefit, we get from seniors is their advice, but we were so unfortunate about this.', 'Luckily I attended the mechanical workshops, civil engineering workshops, my juniors didn’t get a chance to attend all these.', 'The following were the big problems we faced', 'Shifting to an online class was like switching from a 300-inch screen to a 5-inch screen. The offline classes were HD large screen TVs then the online class is a 5-inch phone screen.', 'Neither students nor the teachers were able to adjust. We used to watch online lectures but for a few hours and that too twice or thrice a week. And I honestly admit that watching a web series is different than attending an online class unless someone forgets to mute themselves.', 'Teachers found it hard to make students understand everything with one whiteboard. It took us 1 year to become used to these classes.', 'College students are careless. Believe it or not, engineering students are lazy, careless, and crazy. But have the brightest mind.', 'Some attend class while eating, some are half sleepy and some are living in another world. While students playing games, using social media were very common, there was a small group of nerds who never miss a single class. The carelessness will cost us later, everything in engineering is important.', 'Once in an online class, someone started sharing their screen, because an option was of the same colour in another app but the purpose was different. And after that, everyone saw his app collection, chats, and what else not. Someone messaging them to stop sharing the screen and they won’t stop.', '‘I won’t turn on my video, I have no data left’. This line was most listened to, sometimes as an excuse or as a valid reason. Even students who have Wi-Fi access complained the same.', 'Cheating, if allowed seems a boon to students. But it’s boon or bane, consequences will tell. During online exams, everyone was scoring full marks. Those who could not fail in cheating. It was an exam of googling things, copying, or what only students can answer.', 'For students, online exams mean exams of searching answers and copy-paste skills.', 'Out of all your seniors, 70% will do ragging, take introductions and 30% will guide you right. We collide with 70% because they are highly interested in us and we meet 30% when we are interested in them. It is hard to find a person who gives you good advice but online classes were not helpful in this. Thanks to Linkedin for this.', 'The first year of engineering is all about trying out different things. From going to the library to wandering on campus, everything has its own importance. Lockdown limited everything to few inch screens.', 'I say the first year, they hear fresher’s party', 'I say last year, they hear Farewell party', 'I say the second and third year, they say let’s give’em party', 'But we missed all the get-togethers in lockdown.', 'Colleges teach different skills in workshops, classes. Lockdown made us deprived of all of these. Many students become prey to Ed-tech and not-for-them internships. They wasted time in affiliate marketing, sales internship, and irrelevant.', 'Not able to get books delivered, problem in reading e-books affected many placements.', 'This is all about problems faced by engineering students. Although the problems seem unsolvable still it was a rare and unforgettable experience for all of us. For us it was like, a child was dreaming of not going to school, and the next day god gave him the world he wanted to see. I was a college freshman when the lockdown was announced and had no idea how long this virus will cause havoc. I was a junior student in my college, who has just stepped into college life. And when the virus impact is not too high, I am a college junior. So this is my journey and experience from a junior of someone to someone’s senior. Lockdown taught us many things', '1.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Life never stops challenging you', '2.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Never stop learning', '3.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 You have to come out of your comfort zone for making miracles happen']}
2022-07-07 01:09:30 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-is-login-logout-time-tracking-for-employees-in-office-done-by-ai/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:30 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-is-login-logout-time-tracking-for-employees-in-office-done-by-ai/>
{'title': 'How is Login Logout Time Tracking for Employees in Office done by AI?', 'cont': ['When people hear AI they often think about sentient robots and magic boxes. AI today is much more mundane and simple—but that doesn’t mean it’s not powerful. Another misconception is that high-profile research projects can be applied directly to any business situation. AI done right can create an extreme return on investments (ROIs)—for instance through automation or precise prediction. But it does take thought, time, and proper implementation. We have seen that success and value generated by AI projects are increased when there is a grounded understanding and expectation of what the technology can deliver from the C-suite down.', '“Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a science and a set of computational technologies that are inspired by—but typically operate quite differently from—the ways people use their nervous systems and bodies to sense, learn, reason and take action.”3 Lately there has been a big rise in the day-to-day use of machines powered by AI. These machines are wired using cross-disciplinary approaches based on mathematics, computer science, statistics, psychology, and more.4 Virtual assistants are becoming more common, most of the web shops predict your purchases, many companies make use of chatbots in their customer service and many companies use algorithms to detect fraud.', 'AI and Deep Learning technology employed in office entry systems will bring proper time tracking of each employee. As this system tries to learn each person with an image processing technology whose data is feed forwarded to a deep learning model where Deep learning isn’t an algorithm per se, but rather a family of algorithms that implements deep networks (many layers). These networks are so deep that new methods of computation, such as graphics processing units (GPUs), are required to train them, in addition to clusters of compute nodes. So using deep learning we can take detect the employee using face and person recognition scan and through which login, logout timing is recorded. Using an AI system we can even identify each employee’s entry time, their working hours, non-working hours by tracking the movement of an employee in the office so that system can predict and report HR for the salary for each employee based on their working hours. Our system can take feed from CCTV to track movements of employees and this system is capable of recognizing a person even he/she is being masked as in this pandemic situation by taking their iris scan. With this system installed inside the office, the following are some of the benefits:', 'For several countries, regulations insist that the employer must keep documents available that can demonstrate the working hours performed by each employee. In the event of control from the labor inspectorate or a dispute with an employee, the employer must be able to explain and justify the working hours for the company. This can be made easy as our system is tracking employee movements', 'This is about monitoring user connection times to detect suspicious access times. In the event where compromised credentials are used to log on at 3 a.m. on a Saturday, a notification on this access could alert the IT team that an attack is possibly underway.', 'To manage and react to employees’ attendance, overtime thresholds, productivity, and suspicious access times, our system records and stores detailed and interactive reporting on users’ connection times. These records allow you to better manage users’ connection times and provide accurate, detailed data required by management.', '4)If you want to avoid paying overtime, make sure that your employees respect certain working time quotas or even avoid suspicious access. Our system will alert the HR officer about each employee’s office in and out time so that they can accordingly take action.', '5)Last but not least it reduces human resource needs to keep track of the records and sending the report to HR and HR officials has to check through the report so this system will reduce times and human resource needs', 'With the use of AI and Deep Learning technologies, we can automate some routines stuff with more functionality which humans need more resources to keep track thereby reducing time spent on manual data entry works rather companies can think of making their position high in the competitive world.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:31 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-ai-help-to-monitor-retail-shelf-watches/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:31 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-ai-help-to-monitor-retail-shelf-watches/>
{'title': 'How does AI help to monitor Retail Shelf watches?', 'cont': ['With increasing computing power and more data, the potential value of algorithms became higher. People and companies saw possibilities to embed these smart systems into their companies to drive strategy and innovation. As the power of algorithms, computing, and amounts of data increased companies started to see an increasing amount of use cases. AI started to become an essential value. Companies saw that these systems could move them closer to their customers, drive efficiency, enhance employee experience and capability, automatize tasks, decrease costs and improve revenue. But AI went through some lulls and spikes before it became capable of enabling so many benefits. At a certain point, the general public gave up on AI and machine learning as a whole, which stalled developments and investments.', 'AI uses computer vision and deep learning to achieve these results. Computer vision incorporates neural networks that help computers detect objects within shelf images and classify them accurately.', 'Deep learning is a new area that is moving machine learning closer to one of its original goals: AI. In deep learning, a computer system is fed a lot of data, which it then observes and analyzes to recognize emergent patterns and trends, ultimately generating appropriate recommendations and predictions.', 'Deep learning applications, especially in the field of computer vision, are more than ready for prime time. Recently, a neural network architecture won the ImageNet challenge by classifying a wide variety of objects – like birds, ships, and cats – into the correct categories more accurately than humans did.', 'Back at the store shelf, even subtle differences between objects, poor lighting, reflections, and background clutter can be overcome with these powerful AI applications.', 'Our tool recognizes products among thousands of possible retail items and verifies their placement according to the given planogram. This translates into the automation o shelf management activities, centralized monitoring of shelf arrangement over hundreds of branches, and validation of the product, license agreement for suppliers.', 'The use of ML-powered analytics solutions can help businesses forecast inventory demand with high accuracy. Systems that rely on machine learning are capable of analyzing a multitude of data points, finding subtle patterns (indicating changes in customer preferences, behavior, or satisfaction), which can be non-obvious to humans. What’s more, these systems don’t require explicit programming as machine learning models learn from data. The more data is fed to them, the better they handle it while deriving meaningful insights.', 'Our system will automate manual tasks like gap and price scanning and free up your staff to help shoppers. It increases availability and provides real-time, accurate alerts to restock shelves faster than ever and increase on-shelf availability.it will transform the supply chain. Drive supply chain decisions with real-time shelf data to understand actual demand and avoid inaccurate inventory management and comply with price and promotions. Automatically detect mismatches at the shelf and avoid customer frustration. Our system will harmonize online and offline channels. Optimize online order picking and reflect your real availability to the shopper as they make their online order', 'By this system, if it is implemented in a supermarket, where we can use this application to predict the market price and demand and accordingly we can forecast the demand and take actions in prior and this system can also keep track of the expiry of each perishable products and alerts for them to change it accordingly at the correct time. If some new product is released in the market and that is with great demand, our system will try to analyze where it is placed in the store, If it is not present in the store our system will report to the sales manager to add these new products in the store at a much reachable and visible place for the buyers.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:31 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-and-its-impact-on-the-fashion-industry/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:31 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-and-its-impact-on-the-fashion-industry/>
{'title': 'AI and its impact on the Fashion Industry', 'cont': ['If you were a fan of the 90’s film ', 'back in the day, then you’ll remember the protagonist, ', 'amazing virtual wardrobe. She used it to browse her clothing and choose a perfectly coordinated ensemble. This virtual application, which was just the brainchild of a writer wanting to make the protagonist look rich, fashionable, and ahead of her time, ignited a buzz and prospected having an automated style device to make everyday dress-up fun and engagingly time-saving.', 'Times have changed and technological advancement today is transforming everything from probabilities to possibilities. We are in the era where, machines not just facilitate our tasks and demands but rather suggest, forecasts, and analyze thus making lives simpler and smarter.', 'With the advent of technology, style suggestions are just a fraction of the big picture that AI has painted in the fashion industry today.', 'Artificial intelligence is the creation of computer programs capable of performing activities and solving issues that would normally need human intelligence. AI has surged across a variety of industries, with the potential to transform businesses through creative technologies and more effective operational processes.', 'At first, AI automation did not appear to be an appealing tool for fashion leaders to use in an industry focused on creative ability and expression. However, as we enter the hyper-digital era, these apps have the potential to revolutionize enterprises and generate considerable industry growth when compared to competitors that use traditional approaches.', 'Some of the most well-known brands in the business are now investing in algorithms that assist buyers to choose designs. A slew of AI-based start-ups is also assisting everyone from retailers to customers in removing the guesswork from the equation.', 'This article examines how artificial intelligence has impacted key areas of the fashion industry, as well as explores brands that have benefited from its use.', 'Fashion firms are utilizing technology to better understand client wants and produce better garments thanks to more sophisticated data collection.', 'Tommy Hilfiger pioneered the “Reimagine Retail” project, which trains fashion designers with AI design skills in collaboration with IBM. As a result, fashion students could master a variety of technical skills such as natural language processing (NLP) or computer vision. Fashion students could learn from thousands of fashion-related photos using AI, which increased their inventiveness and shortened lead times for the fashion firm.', 'Fashion brands are now able to identify fast-changing fashion trends and get the latest fashion accessories to store shelves faster than the “traditional” fashion shop, thanks to AI and machine learning capabilities. As a result, prominent fashion brands such as Zara, Top Shop, and H&M can provide immediate gratification to retail customers by identifying seasonal trends and producing the appropriate quantity of the current items.', 'AI in inventory and supply chain management helps to speed up processes by optimizing routes and lowering logistics and shipping costs. Companies use AI to automate logistics and supply chain procedures for speedier delivery or to locate alternate routes for vehicles that have been detoured due to unanticipated situations like bad weather or road construction.', 'Owing to lockdown, major fashion firms had to rethink their go-to-market strategy overnight, with actual brick-and-mortar stores closed and people staying away from shopping malls. Myntra finds itself in a unique position to assist them.', 'Myntra moved its whole data infrastructure, including supply chain management, inventory, and website capabilities, to Microsoft Azure just before the pandemic. Apart from giving Myntra the flexibility to respond to demand spikes, Azure’s built-in Machine Learning technologies sped up the development of advanced analytics capabilities, allowing them to better understand their customers.', 'In retail, AI and machine learning are also providing an automated solution to monitor customer activities while shopping and visualize their sentiments to learn what products they prefer to buy and what products they ignore.', 'AI can also track traffic in retail stores or record consumer shopping experiences, with the option of receiving feedback on how their experience was while shopping at the store, allowing them to enhance their services.', 'Uniqlo has AI-powered UMood kiosks that offer clients a selection of products and use neurotransmitters to assess their reaction to color and style. The kiosk then makes product recommendations based on each person’s reactions. Customers don’t even need to press a button for the system to know how they feel about each item; their brain signals are plenty.', 'Furthermore, AI in fashion is enabling each of us to find those elusive perfect garments that suit our body types and fashion preferences.', 'These AI-enabled garments and ensembles are personalized to the user’s style, body type, colors, and current fashion trends, as well as different situations and weather.', 'iLUK is an AI-based personal stylist that uses Computer Vision and 3D Reconstruction technology at its core to provide technology-based personal styling. It’s shaped like a pod that will be placed in a store.', 'Similarly, a smart mirror driven by AI is being utilized by a company to streamline consumers’ shopping experiences by allowing them to virtually visualize how items would appear on them without having to put them on their bodies.', 'The AI smart mirror with touch screen glasses is mounted in the changing room of retail stores and relays information on whether or not a person is inside. Customers can also use this mirror to try on other sizes and colors, as well as receive tailored mix-and-match alternatives to complete the appearance.', 'Van Heusen designed a storage space that includes a “Virtual Trial” mirror that allows customers to view how clothes might appear on them by scanning the item’s barcode and stepping in front of the mirror while virtual clothing is projected onto their reflection.', 'In the same way that AI is revolutionizing retail fashion stores, AI is revolutionizing online purchasing and E-commerce. While browsing or searching for fashion goods on e-commerce sites, AI suggests additional items that are similar to what you’re looking for based on your color preferences, budget, and other factors. It analyses your search history data and suggests more relevant stuff you should look at.', 'Amazon has undoubtedly transformed the online shopping experience with its AI-powered product suggestion engine. Amazon is implementing an AI-enabled fashion designer algorithm that can create clothing by mimicking the design styles of several popular garments and applying them to a new garment. The Echo Look fashion assistant, which uses machine learning to deliver personalized recommendations, is Amazon’s other use case.', 'AI-based visual search technology is now employed by E-commerce stores to comprehend the content and context of these photographs and produce a list of related results. You can capture an object using your camera and then search for it online. Retailers can use AI-enabled computer vision-based visual search technology to propose thematically or aesthetically relevant items to customers in a way that would be difficult to do with only a word query.', 'Neiman Marcus, a high-end department store, employs artificial intelligence to make it easier for shoppers to locate things. The Snap. Find. Shop. the app allows users to photograph items they encounter while out and about, and then search Neiman Marcus’ inventory for the same or a comparable item.', 'One of the most damaging businesses on the earth is the fashion industry. Artificial Intelligence can be used in conjunction with Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Visual Recognition, and Data Analytics to reduce trend prediction errors and more precisely forecast patterns, leading to fewer garments being manufactured and subsequently underutilized.', 'The H&M Group is using “Amplified Intelligence,” which combines analytics and AI with human intelligence.', 'Using artificially intelligent technologies, H&M is enhancing its ability to recognize trends and organize logistics, as well as minimizing the frequency of discounted deals and large amounts of unsold goods.', 'Though intelligence per se is artificial, nevertheless is likely to have an earnest impact, both positive and negative:', 'Apparel manufacture is a labor-intensive industry in the fashion industry. AI-enabled machines and robots can perfectly stitch fabrics while also detecting fabric flaws and providing quality assurance to ensure that the actual design hues will match the new colors.', 'In nations like Bangladesh, where the garment industry accounts for 80% of the GDP, this will have a significant influence on the labor force in the long run. It is already feeling the heat from these specialized AI-based devices, thus jeopardizing the jobs of breadwinners.', 'AI should not be viewed as a rival, but rather as a collaborator. The cost and ethics of AI are currently preventing us from progressing. We must be careful not to use technology to increase inequity or exacerbate social injustice. We also need to find a balance and integrate humanity into the machines we’re constructing in the future.', '“We are being monitored and classified by AI in portions of our lives that were not previously watched,” says Sophie Hackford, a futurist and keynote speaker. She wonders if we’ve built the “wrong” internet. We created it intending to monetize our viewers in mind, rather than the dynamic knowledge-sharing area that Tim Berners-Lee envisioned at the start.” She believes that in the future, we will be much more selective in how we obtain information, and that “bots” would be critical in meeting our requirements. As a result, the gains will come at the expense of our privacy.', 'As numerous as AI’s advantages are, it is impossible to ignore the difficult issues it brings. With everything being data-driven, there is a pressing need to establish boundaries to build a shared ecosystem that benefits both businesses and the general public.', 'Finding a wise balance between physical stores and online stores will continue to be a crucial issue in an industry where brick-and-mortar retail locations are still an important element of the sector’s approach to business.', 'The usefulness of chatbots aimed at improving online and in-store product navigation shows significant promise for preserving customer attention and use in the near term. We expect consumers to become accustomed to these capabilities over time, and the field to become more competitive as AI becomes more broadly applied, as prominent brands set the tone with their usage of AI.', 'It’s too early to tell how these AI applications will affect earnings and cost savings because prominent fashion firms are still in the early stages of AI implementation. However, there will be a learning curve as corporations figure out how consumers react to these innovation efforts, which could have a direct influence on sales.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:31 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-do-deep-learning-models-predict-old-and-new-drugs-that-are-successfully-treated-in-healthcare/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:31 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-do-deep-learning-models-predict-old-and-new-drugs-that-are-successfully-treated-in-healthcare/>
{'title': 'How do deep learning models predict old and new drugs that are successfully treated in healthcare?', 'cont': ['Understanding exactly how data is ingested, analyzed, and returned to the end-user can have a big impact on expectations for accuracy and reliability, not to mention influencing any investments necessary to whip an organization’s data assets into shape. To efficiently and effectively choose between vendor products or hire the right data science staff to develop algorithms in-house, healthcare organizations should feel confident that they have a firm grasp on the different flavors of artificial intelligence and how they can apply to specific use cases. Deep learning is a good place to start.\xa0 This branch of artificial intelligence has very quickly become transformative for healthcare, offering the ability to analyze data with a speed and precision never seen before. Deep learning, also known as hierarchical learning or deep structured learning, is a type of machine learning that uses a layered algorithmic architecture to analyze data. In deep learning models, data is filtered through a cascade of multiple layers, with each successive layer using the output from the previous one to inform its results. Deep learning models can become more and more accurate as they process more data, essentially learning from previous results to refine their ability to make correlations and connections. Deep learning is loosely based on the way biological neurons connect to process information in the brains of animals.\xa0 Similar to the way electrical signals travel across the cells of living creates, each subsequent layer of nodes is activated when it receives stimuli from its neighboring neurons. In artificial neural networks (ANNs), the basis for deep learning models, each layer may be assigned a specific portion of a transformation task, and data might traverse the layers multiple times to refine and optimize the ultimate output.\xa0 These “hidden” layers serve to perform the mathematical translation tasks that turn raw input into meaningful output. With the crypto anchors and blockchain employed with the medicine for example each pill of medication will be printed with scannable details which contains the time of production, originality, etc, which can be printed in medicine using edible substances. Once the medicine is shipped all over the world we can scan the medicine with a scanner and find out whether the medicine is original or counterfeit with the blockchain details stored at the time of manufacturing. By using deep learning in medicines these neural networks will make sense of all the unrelated data and make them into understandable and scalable data so that can be used for making the medicine efficiency better by analyzing molecules of each component used in the medicine.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-artificial-intelligence-can-boost-your-productivity-level/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-artificial-intelligence-can-boost-your-productivity-level/>
{'title': 'How artificial intelligence can boost your productivity level?', 'cont': ['From the stone age to the modern world, from hunting and gathering to cultivating crops, from living in caves to building communities, we have come a long way to become the most evolved creature on the planet. So,\xa0what\xa0is that one thing which is a guiding force throughout this process? I believe in simple words we can say:\xa0to enhance the experience of life,\xa0or in other words, to boost our productivity level. Once the basic need of food, cloth, and shelter is taken care of, we want a comfortable life, good education, proper healthcare, and the list goes on. This\xa0urgency and endless need pushed\xa0us to make\xa0breakthrough\xa0inventions that made\xa0human life more comfortable and productive. First, humans invented electricity, then the computers came, after that portable computing devices like laptops and mobile phones became operative, and now\xa0artificial intelligence or AI\xa0is a buzzword.\xa0Every creation by human beings transformed human life on the face of this planet. From living in the mud house to building skyscrapers, from riding a bullock cart to flying an aircraft, from posting letters to making video calls, and now from computers to AI or Artificial intelligence is yet another groundbreaking invention of humankind, which can\xa0', '\xa0our lifestyle\xa0', '!', 'So, what is\xa0', '\xa0', '\xa0or\xa0', '? We can say in simple words that AI is the ability of a\xa0', '\xa0', '\xa0to\xa0', '\xa0and\xa0', '\xa0', '. It is about pattern recognition, analyzing images and videos and learning, natural language processing, and understanding. It is more about creating a technology that can, in some cases, replace what humans do. However, to me personally, the most crucial part of the definition of AI is the application to\xa0', '\xa0', '\xa0intelligently and rationally using algorithms that enables us to have computers find deep patterns that we may not have even known exist. AI is like a complex series and layers of algorithms that create a neural network that processes data and information coming into the system and derives knowledge from it. AI is a complicated and broad concept, where Machine Learning is a subset of AI, and Deep Learning, a specialized subset of Machine Learning.', 'According to a study by\xa0', '\xa0will be added between now and 2030 based on AI. The economic impact of this scale has never been seen before. And it is not just in the IT industry but impacts virtually every industry and aspect of our lives.', 'We use AI all the time. But mostly, we are unaware of it. We use AI whenever we type in a\xa0', '\xa0on a\xa0', '. Every time we use our\xa0', '\xa0or whenever we use any\xa0', '. What we can do with artificial intelligence is unlimited. Whenever we do anything on any technology, we are using some form of machine learning or artificial intelligence. AI means different things to different people. AI facilitating machines and humans to understand and interact with each other creating new opportunities and new ways of doing business. For example:', 'In ', ', AI is helping doctors arrive at more accurate preliminary diagnoses, reading medical imaging, finding appropriate clinical trials for patients. It is not just influencing patient outcomes but also making operational processes less expensive. It is helping patients with Lou Gehrig’s disease, for example, regain their original voice in place of using a computerized voice.', 'AI is impacting the quality of our lives daily. There’s AI in our ', 'queue, our navigation apps, keeping spam out of our inboxes, and reminding us of important events. AI monitor our investments, detecting fraudulent transactions, identifying credit card fraud, and preventing financial crimes. AI has the potential to access enormous amounts of information, imitate humans, even specific humans, make life-changing recommendations about health and finances, correlate data that may invade privacy, and much more.', 'So, what we have understood is AI has penetrated our day-to-day life. Now the question is how people can use it in the best possible way to extract value from it and boost their productivity even further? Here are some of my suggestions:']}
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-are-genetic-sequencing-maps-affected-by-deep-learning-and-ai/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-are-genetic-sequencing-maps-affected-by-deep-learning-and-ai/>
{'title': 'How are genetic sequencing maps affected by deep learning and AI?', 'cont': ['Artificial intelligence (AI) is the development of computer systems that can perform tasks that normally require human intelligence. Advances in AI software and hardware, especially deep learning algorithms and the graphics processing units (GPUs) that power their training, have led to a recent and rapidly increasing interest in medical AI applications. In clinical diagnostics, AI-based computer vision approaches are poised to revolutionize image-based diagnostics, while other AI subtypes have begun to show similar promise in various diagnostic modalities. In some areas, such as clinical genomics, a specific type of AI algorithm known as deep learning is used to process large and complex genomic datasets.\xa0 AI has two main applications in genetics: identification of harmful genes and treatment of disease. Let’s take a look at how each of these applications works. Also, with some good GPS trackers, you can implement them on your vehicle. AI is also being used to identify genetic mutations within tumors using 3D imaging. AI is very useful in personalized medicine, which requires treatments to be specified to one patient’s needs versus another. The 0.1% of our DNA that is unique to us has more than three million differences.', 'The rise of AI in genomics is unsurprising. Genomics – a ‘big data’ field – requires computational approaches to interrogate the enormous volume of data generated by sequencing technologies and to marry it in meaningful ways with other biological and clinical data. Analyzing these datasets for new biological insights can be especially difficult when the rules have to be explicitly predefined, step by step, within the computer code. Instead, machine learning techniques can learn from data without the need to specify explicit rules.', 'Although a highly useful tool, AI is not without challenge the key issue of AI in genomics is scale – with the amount of genomics data being generated exponentially growing. Slavé Petrovski, Head of Genome Analytics and Informatics at AstraZeneca’s Centre for Genomics Research (GCR) says that – “AI in genomics can be extended across different omic studies, such as transcriptomics.” Although there are challenges of having the infrastructure and resources to cope with large datasets and mine it effectively if managed correctly the problem is eliminated.', 'Slavé Petrovski highlighted a key piece of research, conducted by AstraZeneca, which presented a multi-dimensional machine learning framework, taking into account 52 layers of information including gene expression, human disease literature, and mouse phenotypes. This approach is proposed as a “support framework for objectively and quantitatively triaging potential novel disease target genes.', 'Another focus within genomic AI is the strengthening of data. Petrovski remarks that this area is “constantly evolving,” but a key observation is that the method adopted is often not as important as the underlying data. This means that the information inputted into AI systems must be of high quality or it cannot be used to its full potential.', 'Genetics is always a data-driven science and largely utilizes machine learning to capture dependencies in data and derive biological hypotheses. However, the ability to extract new insights from the exponentially increasing volume of genomics data requires more expressive machine learning models. By effectively combining large data sets, deep learning has transformed the field, and now, it is becoming the method of choice for many genomics modeling tasks, including predicting the impact of genetic variation on gene regulatory mechanisms such as DNA accessibility and splicing.', 'In recent years, deep learning has been widely used in diverse fields of biology. In biology, applications of deep learning are gaining increasing popularity in predicting the structure and function of genomic elements, such as promoters, enhancers, or gene expression levels.', 'The application of deep learning to genomic datasets is an exciting rapidly developing area and is primed to revolutionize genome analysis. Deep learning has been successfully implemented in areas such as image recognition or robotics (e.g., self-driving cars) and is most useful when large amounts of data are available. In this respect, using deep learning as a tool in the field of genomics is entirely apt. Although it is still in somewhat early stages, deep learning in genomics has the potential to inform fields such as cancer diagnosis and treatment, clinical genetics, crop improvement, epidemiology and public health, population genetics, evolutionary or phylogenetic analyses, and functional genomics. Also, in recent years, deep learning (DL) methods have been considered in the context of genomic prediction. The DL methods are nonparametric models that provide flexibility to adapt to complicated associations between data and output and adapt to very complex patterns. The applications of deep learning (DL) methods in genomic selection (GS) to obtain a meta-picture of GS performance and highlight how these tools can help solve challenging plant breeding problems. We also provide general guidance for the effective use of DL methods including the fundamentals of DL and the requirements for its appropriate use. The main requirement for using DL is the quality and sufficiently large training data. There is clear evidence that DL algorithms capture nonlinear patterns more efficiently than conventional genome-based. Deep learning algorithms can integrate data from different sources as is usually needed in GS and it shows the ability for improving prediction accuracy for large breeding data. It is important to apply DL to large training-testing data sets.', 'Functional genomic analysis in the field in which deep learning has made the most inroads to date. The availability of vast troves of data of various types (DNA, RNA, methylation, chromatin accessibility, histone modifications, chromosome interactions, and so forth) ensures that there are enough training datasets to build accurate prediction models relating to gene expression, genomic regulation, or variant interpretation. Other features are identification of long noncoding RNAs or splice-site prediction can also be analyzed. As more data becomes available, better models will be able to be trained, thus resulting in even more precise and accurate predictions of genomic features and functions.', 'Although deep learning holds enormous promise for advancing new genomics discoveries, it should also be implemented mindfully and with appropriate caution. Deep learning should be applied to biological datasets of sufficient size, usually on the order of thousands of samples.', 'Even though the use of AI and deep learning can solve many problems related to genomic data, the use is challenging and not cost-effective at all. It needs high-quality machines and skilled experts. But as it was said that – ” If it’s worth it then it’s nothing to worry about.” But if we succeed in applying the concept of deep learning and AI in genetics with cost-effectiveness it will create a history in the world of science and biology and it is possible that humans can reach new heights of genetics and the human genome.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-is-ai-used-to-solve-traffic-management/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-is-ai-used-to-solve-traffic-management/>
{'title': 'How is AI used to solve traffic management?', 'cont': ['Artificial intelligence (AI) is the most important branch of computer science in this era of big data. AI was born 50 years ago and came a long way, making encouraging progress, especially in machine learning, data mining, computer vision, expert systems, natural language processing, robotics, and related applications. Machine learning is the most popular branch of AI. Other classes of AI include probabilistic models, deep learning, artificial neural network systems, and game theory. These classes are developed and applied in a wide range of sectors. Recently, it has been the leading research area in transportation engineering, especially in traffic congestion prediction. Traffic congestion prediction provides the authorities with the required time to plan in the allocation of resources to make the journey smooth for travelers.', 'AI traffic management is poised to revamp urban transportation, relieving bottlenecks and choke-points that routinely snarl our urban traffic. This will help us reduce not only congestion and travel time but will also reduce emissions. Traffic congestion mostly occurs due to the negligence of certain factors like distance maintained between two moving vehicles, traffic lights, and road signs. congestion leads to higher fuel consumption, increased air pollution, unnecessarily wastage of time & energy, chronic stress & other physiological problems, whereas higher traffic violations are the major cause of road fatalities. Intelligent traffic management systems refer to the usage of AI, machine learning, computer vision, sensors, and data analysis tools to collect and analyze traffic data, generate solutions, and apply them to the traffic infrastructure. AI can use live camera feeds, sensors, and even Google Maps to develop traffic management solutions that feature predictive algorithms to speed up traffic flow. Siemens Mobility recently built an AI-based monitoring system that processes video feeds from traffic cameras. It automatically detects traffic anomalies and alerts traffic management authorities. The system is effective at estimating road traffic density to modulate the traffic signals accordingly for smoother movement. The integration of artificial intelligence and machine learning will support many smart transportation applications including emergency vehicle preemption, transit signal priority, and pedestrian safety.', 'Air traffic management stands to benefit significantly from artificial intelligence (AI) under its reliance on repetitive activity – which lends itself to analysis and machine learning. In addition, much of the complexity is embedded in the driving factors that deliver safe air traffic control: for example flight planning, flow management, safety assessments, and conflict prediction.', 'Every year a large number of new vehicles appear on streets worldwide, contributing to traffic congestion. AI and deep learning technologies can play a vital role in managing traffic by collating and analyzing data from a variety of sources. Insights from them can accelerate traffic movements. The future of AI in traffic management would give birth to smart AI applications that automate and accelerate processes.', 'The use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Intelligent Traffic Management (ITMS) can help tackle & solve many such issues related to traffic law enforcement. It can facilitate a smooth, convenient & safer experience for commuters by improving road traffic discipline. Such a system can’t only help law enforcement agencies in penalizing the offenders but can act as a deterrent as well. Intelligent Traffic Management System (ITMS) is an Artificial Intelligence (AI) based application coupled with cameras installed at the traffic junctions, which provide a tool to detect and identify vehicles disobeying traffic rules and generate real-time alerts at the Central Command Center. It can automatically challan the offenders as per law of the land and can send it electronically to the violators. Each e-challan is associated with supporting evidence data in terms of snapshots & videos. This system can also track the flow and pace of traffic movement to provide real-time traffic management. In addition to improving traffic conditions, ITMS also contributes towards smart city goals like environmental sustainability. To improve traffic behavior & avoid congestions in a city, a Traffic management & enforcement system can be deployed to solve traffic-related issues, including but not limited to – Automated Number Plate Reading, Red Light Violation Detection, Speed Violation Detection, Triple Riding & No Helmet Detection, Free Left Turn Obstruction, Wrong-Way Driving, No Seat Belt & Mobile phone usage while driving, Hot listed vehicle detection, Traffic Flow & Congestion detection, etc.', 'Such an ITMS system can be integrated with the existing CCTV & Traffic Control system to provide a holistic solution towards preventing the current traffic menace. Not only this, various AI-based traffic analytic can be deployed over existing Traffic enforcement and surveillance system also, with minor tweaking & adjustments, resulting in a highly optimized solution at a lower cost to the public exchequer.', 'An AI-powered system, trained in deep learning can reduce traffic. Commuters can plan their journeys as per system updates. Since it takes every small detail of roads into account, an AI-powered system will keep the drivers and road authorities one step ahead. Here are a few significant advantages of having an AI-powered system for traffic analysis:-', 'The system can analyze traffic in different lanes with enough precision to ease traffic movements. Using the data, drivers can reduce their commuting time significantly. Effectively, drivers and road authorities can make better decisions to avoid traffic congestion.', 'Every critical information about road conditions, from road accidents to congestion, puts driver and road authorities one step ahead.', 'An AI-powered system has the potential to analyze traffic across multiple regions. It can map the most efficient routes and alter traffic signals to improve traffic conditions.', 'AI and machine learning algorithms identify the least-efficient vehicles, track their path and speed and change the traffic signals ahead of the vehicles.\xa0 This eliminates much of the inefficient starting and stopping at intersections and minimizes fuel consumption.', 'As far as using Artificial Intelligence in open space, such as roads, is concerned, it can be considered to be a possibility to install\xa0an ', ' traffic management system\xa0as part of the infrastructure before launching the self-driving vehicles. An AI-enabled traffic management system can provide greater leeway to self-driving vehicles as they can then be directed and controlled more by the external environment.\xa0 Recently, the Delhi Traffic Police has obtained permission from the Ministry of Home Affairs to set up an intelligent traffic management system (ITMS) which will work on radar-based monitoring with the help of Artificial Intelligence. One of the key tools in the system will be automated traffic signals. It will help the Delhi Traffic Police to analyze the traffic pattern, volume, number of vehicles and collect them on a cloud which will be further used to manage the traffic. It will also contain features like high-resolution CCTV cameras to capture commuters and motorists breaking the laws and automated number plate recognition cameras (ANPR) to directly send the challan (fine slip) to the homes of lawbreakers. With Artificial Intelligence working with traffic signals based on traffic volume, the congested roads can be opened up for a longer duration for more traffic to clear up leading to a reduction in congestion.', 'Traffic congestion prediction is getting more attention from the last few decades. With the development of infrastructure, every country is facing a traffic congestion problem. The development of artificial intelligence and the availability of big data have led researchers to apply different models in this field. Deep learning algorithms became more popular with time as they can assess a large data set. However, a wide range of machine learning algorithms is yet to be applied. Therefore, a vast opportunity for research in the field of traffic congestion prediction still prevails.\xa0The power of AI that propels a lot of the data analysis of these systems, is also what powers the navigation systems of ride-hailing as well as last-mile delivery operators. Deliveries or order fulfillment that had to be delayed in the past, can now be enhanced significantly as cities around Asia continue taking up such intelligent traffic systems.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:32 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/benefits-of-big-data-in-different-fields/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:33 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/benefits-of-big-data-in-different-fields/>
{'title': 'Benefits of Big Data in Different fields', 'cont': ['“In God we trust, all others must bring data.” – W. Edwards Deming.', '2,000,000,000,000,000,000 bytes. The figure is roughly the amount of data generated per day across all industries', 'Every individual in 2020 created approximately 1.7 megabytes in a second. Which when seen in a bigger picture every day, internet users create 2.5 quintillion bytes of data. Looking at this gigantic source and generation of raw data, the requirement turns out to manage unstructured data by organizations. This seems to be a point of concern by 95 percent of organizations and hence a major share of organizations is (around 97.2 percent) are investing in big data and artificial intelligence.', 'The concept of “big data” means data sets that are in terms of quantity are complicated and huge. Big data are information that includes hidden information such as trends in the market, undiscovered relationships, patterns, consumer preferences, which are required to be discovered. Big data sometimes represents how huge volumes of data are collected and analyzed, enabling companies to make informed business choices. Traditional data processing apps cannot handle big data.', 'Big data has from many sources, including social media networks, sites (browsers), mobile applications, text messages, geographic sites of wearable devices, other media files, etc., creates and aggregates it as we saw earlier. Sensors and Internet-of-Thing’s (IoT) devices are the major drivers for the growth of the market in Big Data.', 'The big data market is expected to be valued at 103 billion US dollars globally by the end of 2021. Which is double the size of the market from 2018. The software business, which is 45 percent of the market share, is expected to become the largest data market sector by 2027.', 'N', 'The amount of data on the other hand is growing at an alarming rate. We can see from the above Gantt chart that ', ' (i.e., a total of 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 is 78.06%) of the total amount of data present in the world was generated ', 'From this bar chart above we can clearly see the exponential rise in the volume of data in the world is unprecedented and predictably will reach more than 180 Zettabytes of data by 2025.', 'Data are created daily and companies are seeking an innovative approach to organize, manage, analyze and save data so that the competitive advantage is achieved, procedures are simplified and competition remains ahead of time. In a 2016 report from Gartner, companies are using big data to tackle complex business problems and decision making, and over 48% of the companies worldwide were investing in the domain.', 'With the ever-increasing quantity of data, companies seek creative ways of optimizing Big Data and making decisions using the insights they create. One of the biggest impacts of Big Data on companies is that they are increasingly dependent on the Internet and the amount of data that technology is creating rapidly. The worldwide atmosphere by 2025 is forecast by Seagate IDC to be 175 zettabytes.', 'Big data delivers accurate information (if properly processed) and brings forth the latest insights for companies to make intelligent and quicker decisions. The big data analysis platforms also enable companies to increase company efficiency, in terms of operations, marketing as well as product development, and gaining a competitive advantage over their competitors.', 'In addition, companies are striving to improve their income through the use of big data to provide better services to their clients. The basic objective of most organizations is undoubtedly is to enhance the client experience. Among additional goals that may be reached with Big Data must include enhanced marketing strategy, cheaper costs, and more operational efficiency.', 'Big data has provided companies with social and financial benefits in recent decades, leading to policies that support the growth of Big Data in various governmental bodies.', 'In various industries such as banking, finance and insurance, retail, manufacturing, logistics, media and business, oil and gas big data is being employed.', 'Apart from the core business processes big data has a tremendous influence on the workforce of today.', 'Many companies are currently using the Internet to communicate with their clients, sell and boost productivity. Experienced data scientists, Big Data Engineers, and analysts are thus on demand because they can exploit the huge data sets that are created by the internet.', 'Numerous colleges and universities are already offering Big Data online classes. This is because data scientists and big data engineers are increasingly in demand. The need for data scientists is predicted to increase by 16 percent by 2028, according to research from India.', 'Due to the shortage of data scientists and engineers, there is a significant technological gap. The analytical roles of companies are thus still empty in many businesses because they lack technical ability. In the future, we will be able to manage a large number of unstructured data, new software, and technologies, and encounter fewer organizations that lack qualified people to do achieve the same.', 'As a result, companies depend more on bots and RPAs to automate dull repetitive operations such as data collection, data input, and cleaning data, thus freeing up valuable human resources to do more subjective tasks and gaining insights from big data collected by the company.', 'Big data influences organizations as we saw, that impacts the economy and that in turn can impact society as a whole as well as the big data technologies themselves. Thus, creating a circle of innovation that benefits all parties. Big data utilization has enhanced the degree of industrial automation, safety, and confidentiality in the manufacturing and healthcare industries.', 'The weather forecasts, natural catastrophes, urban and community planning, traffic control, logistics and machine efficiency, tailored medical treatment, self-sustaining cars, fraud detention, translation, intelligent housing, robotics, etc. may also be exploited with the help of big data in the coming years and decades.', 'The future of big data isn’t solely dependent on the innovations in that specific field. The advancement of big data analytics is heavily linked with the advancements in other related emerging technologies, such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning, etc.', 'Focusing on machine learning, we can say that big data is very nicely compatible with the workings of machine learning algorithms. Machine learning algorithms are useful in data analysis and big organization’s integration. It may be performed in many aspects of big data operations such as data labeling and segmentation, data analysis, and simulation of scenarios.', 'Here are some examples of ways to examine big data using machine learning algorithms:', 'According to statistics, digital transformation, technological advancements, and breakthroughs continue to be the primary drivers of the rising amount of big data.\xa0 Big data is already enormous, but it is anticipated to rise exponentially\xa0as new technologies emerge, such as more widespread IoT devices, drones, and wearables, and computing devices increase. Around Ninety percent of the world’s big data has been created in the previous two to three years. With the enormous bulk of raw data; businesses and industries require proper analysis of those unstructured data sources to draw more insights by effectively and efficiently converting them into useful information. Modernization coupled up with rapid industrialization has put much pressure on data culture and mining, hence paving the way to complex analytical tools to culture and introspect data thereby extracting out the essence out it, those recent advancements in deep learning are also helping businesses decipher this valuable trove of information. Big data and business analytics solutions have become mainstream technologies, and they, together with AI and automation, provide the foundation for the digital transformation process.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:33 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-big-data-will-impact-the-future-of-business/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:33 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-big-data-will-impact-the-future-of-business/>
{'title': 'How Big Data Will Impact the Future of Business?', 'cont': ['Big data refers to large sets of unstructured, semi-structured, or structured data obtained from numerous sources. Among the sources are customer databases, medical records, business transaction systems, social networks, mobile applications, and scientific experiments. No matter what business you’re in, chances are big data has already transformed it — and if not, it soon will.', 'Big data has already changed our lives in dramatic ways and is poised to become an even more crucial component of the business world. If you’re not prepared for how big data will impact your company, it’s time to start looking forward.', 'Today, companies are focusing on overhauling their data architecture, consolidating data, and discarding legacy systems. Big data has a great impact on businesses since it helps companies efficiently manage large volumes of data. Usually, this type of data is aggregated over social media networks, web browsers, geo-locations, fitness apps, text messages, and other media files. Some of the key drivers of big data market growth are sensors and IoT devices.', 'Big data is already everywhere. You’re contributing to it every time you watch a show on Netflix, post something on Twitter, or have a quick phone call with a business. In this blog, we’re going to explore how big data will affect the future of business.', 'Data plays a huge role in understanding valuable insights about target demographics and customer preferences. From every interaction with technology, regardless of whether it’s active or passive, we are creating new data that can describe us. With data being captured through products, video cameras, credit cards, cell phones, and other touchpoints, our data profile is growing exponentially. If analyzed correctly, these data points can explain a lot about our behavior, personalities, and life events. Companies can leverage these insights for product improvements, business strategy, and marketing campaigns to cater to the target customers.', 'Big data will change how even the smallest companies do business as data collection and interpretation become more accessible. New, innovative, and cost-effective technologies are constantly emerging and improving which makes it incredibly easy for any organization to seamlessly implement big data solutions. Interpreting big data allows companies to create new growth opportunities by better understanding their target audience. Your data can also offer an insight into which of your team members are the most productive, or how you can make your office more efficient.', 'Netflix is an excellent example of the value of big data. In October 2019, Netflix had over 163.5 million subscribers. The company revealed that using big data saves up to $1 billion a year on customer retention. That’s because Netflix better understands how to tempt you with the shows you’ll actually want to watch.', 'Big data contributes to the business intelligence that allows companies to improve their return on investment. With every insight you glean from your data, you’re one step closer to reducing the amount you waste on marketing campaigns that don’t work or strategies that don’t deliver. Big data:', 'With the help of big data, companies aim at offering improved customer services, which can help increase profit. Enhanced customer experience is the primary goal of most companies. Other goals include better target marketing, cost reduction, and improved efficiency of existing processes.', 'Big data technologies help companies store large volumes of data while enabling significant cost benefits. Such technologies include cloud-based analytics and Hadoop. They help businesses analyze information and improve decision-making. Furthermore, data breaches pose the need for enhanced security, which technology applications can solve.', 'Big data has the potential to bring social and economic benefits to businesses. Therefore, several government agencies have formulated policies for promoting the development of big data.', 'Over the years, big data analytics has evolved with the adoption of agile technologies and the increase of focus on advanced analytics. There is no single technology that encompasses big data analytics. Several technologies work together to help companies procure optimum value from the information. Earlier, big data was mainly deployed by businesses that could afford the technologies and channels used to gather and analyze data. Nowadays, both large and small business enterprises are increasingly relying on big data. Thereby, they boost the demand for big data. Enterprises from all industries contemplate ways of how big data can be used in business. Its uses are poised to improve productivity, identify customer needs, offer a competitive advantage, and scope for sustainable economic development.', 'As global data continue to increase, organizations are even looking for new ways to optimize these data and make an informed business decision while remaining competitive. One of the major impacts that big data has on businesses is the growing amount of data generated due to the increased reliance on the internet and the rapid advancement in technology. In fact, a report by Seagate IDC forecast that the global data sphere will reach 175 zettabytes by 2025. Big data also provides fast and actionable data insight to help businesses make informed decisions. By using analytical data platforms, companies can improve their operation, automate tasks, remain competitive, and design more big data use cases', 'One of the most popular ways to leverage big data in the current landscape is to access information as a way of improving customer experience. Experts agree that customer experience is the key to success in today’s landscape. With big data analytics, you can unlock the sentiment, preference, and requirements hidden in your conversations with customers.', 'People are the most important asset in any business. It’s not just your customers that matter, but the employees that serve those clients daily. Today’s companies are often struggling to find the right talent to add to their teams. Unfortunately, slipping up and making the wrong choice with a candidate is a costly issue. Experts say that the cost of a bad hire is up to 30% of that person’s annual earnings. With big data, however, you can feed analytics engines and AI algorithms that tell you exactly who to hire based on the skills you need.', 'Big data can improve your ability to make the right decisions in almost every area of your business. Because data is the key to fuelling things like analytical apps and artificial intelligence, it’s also crucial to delivering the kind of insights leaders need to move their company forwards. When plugged into the right applications and cloud computing services, big data analytics can give you answers to some of your most pressing questions. For instance, you could use data from a workforce optimization tool to determine what your employees need to do their best work. You can also use big data analytics to decide where to invest money into extra products for potential peaks in demand. Your data tools could even tell you when you’re likely to need more staff in your contact center based on previous trends.', 'Finally, big data is indeed the future of the enterprise; it provides an endless opportunity for organizations to outperform their peers. The use of big data will also lead to an increase in more job categories, new regulatory structures and standards, and a shift by organizations from data generation to the use of actionable data in gaining insight.', 'The escalating need for analyzing data will lead to the rise of demand for big data over the forecast period. Furthermore, the number of online businesses in the industry is also growing, owing to enhanced profit margins. Other industries, such as healthcare, utilities, and banking, will widely use online platforms to provide improved services to customers.', 'Smart application of big data in everyday business life allows making data-driven decisions and responding promptly to market developments having its direct business impacts to the bottom line. The competition in all industries is constantly increasing giving businesses no chance for mistakes and requiring end-to-end analytics and technology-based tactics implemented to stay competitive.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:33 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-ai-make-decisions-in-tomorrows-wars/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:33 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-ai-make-decisions-in-tomorrows-wars/>
{'title': 'How Will AI Make Decisions In Tomorrow’s Wars?', 'cont': ['Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, as opposed to the natural intelligence displayed by humans or animals. Leading AI textbooks define the field as the study of “intelligent agents”: any system that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of achieving its goals.', 'AI applications include advanced web search engines, recommendation systems (used by YouTube, Amazon, and Netflix), understanding human speech (such as Siri or Alexa), self-driving cars (e.g. Tesla), and competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go). As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require “intelligence” are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. But as it is said that everything comes at a price, the same is the case with AI. It has many advantages but at the same time, it has disadvantages. And one of the most prominent ones is USE of AI in WARS.', 'Artificial intelligence isn’t only a consumer and business-centric technology. Yes, companies use AI to automate various tasks, while consumers use AI to make their daily routines easier. But governments–and in particular militaries–also have a massive interest in the speed and scale offered by AI. Nation-states are already using artificial intelligence to monitor boundaries and defenses. Militaries are doing more research and development of artificial intelligence (AI), and are looking to implement AI systems. In early August of this year, the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced that later in the month a human fighter pilot would face off against an AI algorithm in virtual combat. The leading military powers have already made it clear that they want to profit from the opportunities offered by this promising technology.', 'Many nations like the U.S.A, U.K, China have already started investing in AI for their military.', 'If the nations keep investing their military funds in AI military development then consequences can be devastating and may lead to the elimination of the entire human species. The usage of robots who are never tiring and non demanding in wars can be fatal. During war times the difficulties that are most faced are shortage of food, weapons, human resources, and tiredness of soldiers. But AI solves them all. The machines don’t need food, they are never tired and the loss of human lives can also be prevented.', 'If AI will be introduced in wars the wars will become ever-ending. The powerful nations will try to suppress the weak ones. The wars will never end. The huge impact of wars will destroy all human civilization.', 'Even though AI is a revolutionary step in the IT and research industry its devastating steps are not far from what is seen.', 'If AI is introduced in futuristic wars, wars will be unimaginable. Robotic armies and humanoids will be used in wars which will. The robotic armies will invade territories like wild creatures leaving no mercy on anyone. This all will lead to only devastation and destruction. As years ago in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, nuclear blasts have caused havoc similar havoc will be caused by the use of AI in militaries and wars but the consequences will be far worse than before and they may be as worse as human civilization’s elimination from the Earth. Or the consequences can be worse as taking an example of the establishment of robotic territories that will start destroying humans or want them to be slaves.', 'We all can only make assumptions. None of us have seen the future.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:33 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/which-one-is-better-ai-or-big-data/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/which-one-is-better-ai-or-big-data/>
{'title': 'Which one is better AI or big data?', 'cont': ['The big data industry has grown at an incredible rate as businesses realize the importance of insightful data analysis. We will compare how big data corresponds to artificial intelligence, what are the similarities and what are the differences between them, whether any one of them is better than the other or how the combination of both leads to results beyond traditional human capability.', 'Artificial Intelligence is defined as the ability of a machine to apply logic and reason to analyze, interpret inputs, and, ultimately, make decisions.\xa0It is the recreation of human intelligence with machines.', 'There are numerous, real-world applications of AI systems today.\xa0A few of them are online chatbots, Recommendation engines, Speech Recognition, Computer vision, etc. We all have AI, assistants, on our phones like Google Assistant, Apple’s Siri, Samsung’s Bixby, Amazon’s Alexa, and many more applications that are using speech recognition systems. Online retailers are using recommendation engines to suggest relevant recommendations to customers during the checkout process. computer vision has applications within photo tagging in social media, radiology imaging in healthcare, and self-driving cars within the automotive industry.', 'Big data comes into play when the volume of data is too large for traditional data management practices to be effective. Big Data is a field focused on managing a large volume of data from a variety of sources.\xa0', 'The essence of big data can be broken into “the three v’s of big data”:', ':\xa0The amount of data being collected', ':\xa0The rate at which data is received and acted upon', ':\xa0The different forms of data collected, (structured, Semi-Structured, and unstructured data sources).', 'AI and Big Data are both data-driven technologies.', 'The difference between artificial intelligence and big data lies in the output of each. Artificial intelligence analyses inputs to learn and improve its sorting or patterning processes over time, using data that it gathers to provide a more accurate solution.\xa0In contrast, big data is the information that is accumulated from various data sources, to then be analyzed by artificial intelligence. Big data and artificial intelligence are often used in conjunction with one another, but each fulfills very different roles, one is information and the other is the application of that information.', 'The collection and storage of large volume data i.e., Big Data is used by Machine learning models. Based on these Machine learning models Artificial Intelligence makes decisions.', 'AI uses data but its ability to analyze, learn from this data, make decisions, solve complex problems depends upon the quality of information that is fed to the system. Big Data provides this vast of this information to train AI. By harnessing big data resources, artificial intelligence systems can make more informed decisions, provide better user recommendations. Most big companies like Google, YouTube, Amazon, Netflix, Spotify, and many others constantly collect and analyze user interaction data with their platforms maintaining user data security rules. Then based on these user data they run data models to predict user demand, taste, and behavioral\xa0patterns. As a result of which, these platforms are able to provide optimized recommendations for what to watch or listen to next. Google’s own feature phone, the Google Pixel, has the best camera because it uses AI to improve the quality of the pictures. This AI is so good because it was trained on data Google got from a trove of images on the Internet.', 'Big data makes it possible for Artificial Intelligent (AI) to reach its fullest potential. There is no artificial intelligence without big data.', 'However, Big data and artificial intelligence are interdependent meaning they cannot exist without one another. If one is taken out of the picture, then another one cannot exist. Big Data and AI are two technologies of posterity which do not compete but complement each other.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-robots-can-help-in-e-learning-platforms/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-robots-can-help-in-e-learning-platforms/>
{'title': 'How robots can help in e-learning platforms?', 'cont': ['If I asked what is the one thing that this pandemic taught us? I believe in one word it will be: ', ', the ability to change, upgrade and adapt yourself to the changing circumstances without losing your individuality. The crisis caused by Covid-19 tested our perseverance, strength, and adaptability in the best possible way. In other words, the survival of the fittest has begun!', 'Most of The Educational Institutions, Universities, Schools, and Colleges across the world, specifically in India, followed the Traditional setup of face-to-face learning in the classroom before the outbreak of deadly coronavirus. Even though in the last ten years, various e-learning platforms emerged, like Byjus, Unacademy, Vedantu, Upgrade, and other international e-learning platforms like edx, udemy, Coursera but the pandemic and lockdown worked as a catalyst and amplified the speed of the process, and boosted the demand of the e-learning platform manifold times. The Platforms like BYJU’S, which is now the world’s most highly valued ed-tech company and have seen a 200% increase in the number of new students using its product, according to the company’s Chief Operating Officer, Mrinal Mohit. The school, colleges, and universities that were reluctant to change their traditional pedagogical approaches had to shift to an online mode of teaching and learning overnight. The teachers, students, and government are now dependent on this online mode of education, and even if we come out of this pandemic e-learning, and online mode of education is the ', '!', 'There is no doubt that e-learning is flexible, time-saving, and can revolutionize the education system, but there are subsequent challenges as well, where we have to work upon to make the user experience better and effective. While talking about the challenges, the main problems are:', ': According to the survey I have conducted for writing this article, the main hurdle in online education is the Personal Interaction and connection between a teacher and a student. Face-to-face teaching and learning help to build that ecosystem and environment because it is not just about learning the subjects, but the network and relationship we build with the teachers and our classmates, which makes us the part of the community around which our life revolves as a student, and we develop as an individual.\xa0', ': As we all know, an examination is a crucial part of learning, but taking exams through an online mode is of great difficulty. It is impossible to monitor so many students by a single teacher through a virtual screen. Therefore, students can easily take help of unethical means to give exams through an online mode. Hence the relevance of taking exams will get lost if we don’t find a solution to this problem.', ': Many people, particularly ones from the older generations and others, are neither habituated nor exposed to this technology from an early age. Therefore, they cannot teach or learn through online mode efficiently. Last year due to lockdown, many senior school teachers faced a lot of difficulties in teaching online. The sudden countrywide lockdown made them shift online without any prior experience. Hence created a lot of challenges for them.', ': E-learning is popular among adults and teenagers but not amongst young kids. They are not well trained to learn online. They get easily distracted and face way more difficulties learning and understanding the concepts through a virtual screen. They need undivided attention and an engaging environment to learn, which is not available in an e-learning platform.', ': Constantly looking at the virtual screen puts a strain on our eyes which causes eye discomfort and vision problems. This problem is more severe amongst young kids. Children have to spend a prolonged period in front of the computer screen in e-learning platforms which might affect their eyes in the long run.', ': E-learning is not inclusive in many ways. Most of the e-learning platforms don’t take into consideration specially-abled individuals. And if they want to use e-learning platforms, it isn’t so user-friendly for them.', ': There is a copyright issue in e-learning portals. Someone can try to record the classes and use them for their benefit. A student who hasn’t register for a particular course can sit beside a friend who has enrolled for the same and gain knowledge without paying for it. In this way, there can be several other misuses of e-learning platforms.', 'At first, I would start with the copyright issue. We can take the help of AI and robots to build systems that can detect the presence of a camera in the room where the student is present. This process can prevent any duplication. Secondly, we can use a robot to detect any other individual staring at the screen or taking class notes.', 'Next comes the point of inclusion. As I have already stated, most of the e-learning platforms do not consider specially-abled individuals. So to solve this problem, we can take the help of the robot to translate the teachings into code languages that they can understand. Robots can also give them dictations or assist them in writing. In this way, we can create a more inclusive ecosystem.', 'Another key aspect that we discussed is ', '! By taking the help of robots, and AI we can minimize the effects of visual discomfort and reduce the strain on the eyes. This can go a long way to protect kids and adults from computer vision syndrome.', 'While talking about kids, I would bring the point of adaptability which, I have mentioned earlier. Kids need way more attention and an interacting environment to learn and enjoy the learning process. Therefore, e-learning portals can take the help of robots to make the learning process more engaging. They can develop a technology where the kids will feel that teachers are interacting on one-to-one basics with them, even in the classroom of thirty or forty students. This process might help them to grab more, keeping the interest in the subject intact and growing. Since the children are not well trained to use the complicated technology, we can make it more simple, handy, and adaptable.', 'But if we want to make e-learning portals the future of the education system, then we have to keep other things in mind. Learning is not just about academics. Building discipline, peer-to-peer relationships, teamwork, developing a strong sense of ethics, integrity, communication skills, and leadership skills are a part of the learning process. Hence, the e-learning portals can use robots or AI to implant this in the learning process to make it wholesome.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-big-data-help-in-finance-and-the-growth-of-large-firms/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-big-data-help-in-finance-and-the-growth-of-large-firms/>
{'title': 'How does Big Data Help in Finance and the Growth of Large Firms?', 'cont': ['Big Data as the word suggests means a large amount of data. Data can be both in structured as well as unstructured format. Data can be collected from various sources such as mobile phones, social media, big transactions, videos, Internet Of Things devices, financial instruments like stocks, bonds, and news. With the increasing use of Internet, the data generated by these devices is also increasing rapidly, and this data is helpful to make projections for what is upcoming. The use of data is largely dependent on the company analyzing it. New technologies such as machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence are data-driven technologies. Large companies use this data to enhance the client experience and execute digital transactions with greater efficiency and minimal mistakes. Organizations need to understand the values of this data otherwise they would be left behind.', 'Big Data is completely revolutionizing the way the stock market used to operate. The reaction to any business, political news is seen in microseconds even before the common people are aware of it. Trading Firms used different sets of algorithms to extract data from websites much faster than naked eyes. Investors are relying on quantitative data to make investment decisions. This helps to remove the emotional stress before taking any trade.', 'The exponential growth in technology is changing the way industries and companies operate. The financial sector is usually considered a data-driven sector. Activities such as mergers and acquisitions, financial statements, accounting, and tax statements require a huge amount of data to be cleaned. There are trillions if not billions of dollars moving across different markets and continents. Many firms are responsible for analyzing such data with accuracy and security to create predictions, find patterns, and create different strategies. Because systems cannot store such huge amounts of data due to lack of space and security, analysts are using cloud services. Cloud-based solutions not only reduce the cost but also help in making the data accessible for anyone in need of it. This data can be used to analyze different business models, their profitability and create financial models based on them.', 'These are among the few applications of Big Data in Finance. Big Data is and will be helpful to all aspects of any business. Let it be Marketing, Finance, Operations, or Human Resource as well. Around 1.145 trillion MB of data is generated per day and this data needs to be analyzed to generate more business and acquire new customers']}
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/future-of-work-robot-ai-and-automation/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:34 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/future-of-work-robot-ai-and-automation/>
{'title': 'Future of Work: Robot, AI and Automation', 'cont': ['Will my Uber driver be a robot? Could the next medicine prescription be from an app? Do robots make calls for my appointment in a hair salon, or some machine learning algorithm will be my new favorite music composer, and ultimately will AI replace my Dream job in the future? Well for a quick answer there are websites like willrobotstakemyjob.com to know whether you are likely to get fired due to technology or not. So will there be a technological revolution and if yes who will be its victims.', 'The possibility of such a revolution has always been opposed by claiming that computers can only think linearly, and they follow directions and commands that we humans give. But this is a misconception because with the advancement of machine learning, artificial intelligence is now able to go beyond carrying out instructions and it can now form concepts and act upon them. In 2014 Google was able to train a machine-learning algorithm to recognize cat videos on YouTube but the algorithm was not taught what cats look like. It learned by observation and by making generalizations and models to draw upon like an animal does and was able to develop a universal idea of what a cat face should be. Hence, there will be a wave of the technological revolution which is capable of replacing future jobs for humans. But the question is, when will it happen? There had always been false alarms in the past. But according to the latest reports ‘future of work has arrived early due to COVID-19 and may lead to 85 million jobs getting replaced in the near future.', 'Any Tasks that Can Be Learned or repetitive jobs are at risk of being wiped out. Information and data processing, administrative tasks, and regular manual work will be the primary focus of machines. Warehouse and manufacturing jobs, customer service, research, data entry, Accountants, Taxi Drivers, factory workers, truckers, paralegals, radiologists are some of the jobs that will get replaced soon. Telemarketing, Bookkeeping Clerks, Compensation and Benefits Managers, Receptionists, proofreaders, Computer Support Specialists, Market Research Analysts, Advertising Salespeople, Retail Salespeople will be the victims in management fields. Digital Medicines are almost here opening the possibility of getting diagnosed and treated by artificial intelligence by recording users’ voices, locations, facial expressions, exercise, sleep, and texting activity.', 'Even though a technological revolution can lead to wiping out of a mass number of jobs it will create more new job opportunities. Some jobs and sectors are going to witness historical growth in the future. Recent studies show that analytical thinking, creativity, and flexibility are among the top skills needed over the next five years, while data and artificial intelligence, content creation, and cloud computing are the top emerging professions. It will also increase the efficiency of employees thus creating more profit. For example, email marketing is now one of the most efficient ways of marketing where the employer can automatically analyze the effectiveness of campaigns. A technological revolution can also create a revolution in manufacturing which is the “quintessential escalator for developing economies”. Like any other new technology, artificial intelligence and robotics will initially be met with skepticism but eventually being embraced. Technological or robotics revolution will be a milestone in human history which will lead to the creation of more opportunities and a better future for millions.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:35 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-ai-will-help-the-defense-power-of-a-country/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:35 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-ai-will-help-the-defense-power-of-a-country/>
{'title': 'How AI will help the Defense Power of a country?', 'cont': ['Defense is crucial to a nation’s well-being and progress. For this reason, every country assigns tantamount importance to it. To protect its interests, a nation has to guard its land, seas, and the air (with the addition of space recently with the anti-satellite missile). Just like other sectors, technology has impacted defense as well. Continual improvements are being made in the design of guns, missiles, submarines, ships, planes, and so on. At the same time, efforts are being made to minimize human loss during wars. One of the best ways to do so would be to employ expendable machines that could do the work. The concept that enables machines to do so is ', 'The immediate thing that might come to our mind is a Terminator-like soldier which will completely replace humans. However, that is not even close to reality because of the difficulties involved. At present, AI cannot do that level of multitasking, cannot react to new and difficult situations, and also can be confused by the enemies. Given below is a wonderful article by ', 'However, as the author says, AI can be used in maintenance applications to determine if a system is going to fail or needs repair. A similar kind of application is to analyze the medical condition of a soldier and predict his operability so that he can be treated for it.', 'The best way right now is to enhance the overall power of the armed forces; the machines must act as force multipliers, assist humans, not replace them. This is the objective that countries are presently working to achieve.', 'Let us consider land warfare. Soldiers have to push into the battlefield, face enemy attacks and possibly sustain fatal wounds. Moreover, few terrains are too difficult and dangerous for humans to access. This problem can be reduced considerably using the following technologies: ', ' and ', '.', 'UGVs come in various sizes from small bag-sized to medium-sized tanks. This is because of the variety of roles they are employed in. The small ones are ideal for reconnaissance purposes, mine detection, bomb disposal, and small assault operations. This is because of their small size which makes them difficult to detect and also enables them to access inaccessible places. India has already developed Daksh for the above purposes. Another notable example is Gladiator UGV in the US. The US is also trying to develop ball robots for the same purposes.', 'Autonomous tanks are useful because they assist the conventional tanks by acting as a security cover while also carrying out assault operations or carrying essential gear. The Milrem UGV is being used by Estonian troops in Mali in Africa for carrying supplies and ammunition. Mostly the technology is still under development but once approved, it will be very useful to a nation.', 'A link with UGV info is given below.', 'Sentry guns are static devices. They have basically powered machine guns that rotate about a fixed point and fire automatically at targets using their cameras and sensors. They are very useful when it comes to the defense of a place from invading enemies. A battery of these guns can be installed at various points around the specified place. Thus sentry guns are extremely useful because they prevent the defending soldiers from becoming exposed targets. South Korea uses this system at the demilitarized zone between North Korea and South Korea.', 'Autonomous technologies can also be applied in water. There are certain operations such as minesweeping or stand-by where there is a high threat to the ships involved. For these, we can use ', ' and ', '.', 'Autonomous boats are useful because they can protect bigger ships that are standing idle or exposed. They can also carry out reconnaissance and assault operations. The US Navy is currently trying to make such boats operational.', 'Underwater, the submarine is the combat vehicle. In present times, underwater warfare has become more complex due to the adoption of stealth technologies, like acoustic dampening and anti-submarine technologies which can be deployed from the air. This also increases the number of staff on submarines required to handle such situations and increases the threat of significant casualties. However, the use of UUV would significantly reduce these problems and thus countries like the USA, China whose navies are the largest in the world, are trying to incorporate this technology to increase their dominance.', 'AI has been implemented in aerial attacks very successfully in the form of ', ' or ', ' (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle). Almost all countries have implemented this technology. These aircraft are just like remote control planes, only a little bigger. Here AI is used to identify targets on the ground and communicate with the operator. India has Rustom, Netra, Lakshya, and various other drones/UAV’s. However, the US is trying to produce an unmanned fighter jet that can escort manned fighter planes, transport aircraft, and engage in aerial combat.', 'All the above technologies can work either independently or can be operated remotely. When they operate independently, they collect information from the battlefield using sensors, and using AI, it makes decisions. When used remotely, i.e. operated by a person from a different place they behave pretty much like remote control devices.', 'The great advantage of this technology is that human intervention and thus casualty is reduced. Also, the cost of producing such technology is considerably lower than producing manned machines. The most significant use involves ‘swarming’, which is similar to the swarming of bees around an intruder. When deployed in packs, they encircle the enemy and devastate them. Loss of these machines does not cause significant loss; they are expendables, easily replaceable.', 'Warfare has a new front nowadays: Cyber Front. The recent ', ' hack is a clear example for emphasizing this. As the world becomes increasingly digital, nations or entities (can be called terrorists) will look forward to exploiting this to their advantage. Most of these attacks have been done with one objective: extract sensitive and confidential data. Using this data, a country’s money can be stolen, electrical blackouts may be caused or even worse, the country’s defense can be paralyzed for facilitating the foreign attack. Coming to the size of data, it is HUGE (in PB). Processing this kind of volume requires techniques like big data. And to identify weak spots in millions of accounts or networks, hackers might be using AI and ML (Machine learning). Just like them, cybersecurity officials have to use AI or ML to predict and simulate cyber-attacks and identify weak spots in cybersecurity.\xa0 Now it comes down to who uses better technology and techniques. AI has to counter AI.', 'However, there is a concern that applies to all sectors using AI: Will AI replace humans? Will it rule us? The answer is yes if we use too much AI. The same applies in the defense sector also. The applications that have been discussed here act as force multipliers as long as humans control them. AI should never replace soldiers, but perform tasks that are too risky or impossible for humans. AI should not be allowed to become too intelligent nor they should be allowed to operate independently. Machine learning should be confined only to familiarize with battlefield situations, not to think ahead of us and act arbitrarily. Before such a device fires a bullet on its own, a human must be there to see that it happens according to his will. Another concern is hacking. What if the enemy hacks these devices? Such concerns must be addressed by adding multiple layers of encryption or limiting the amount of communication possible. Take, for example, a regular ‘nonsmart’ washing machine. We cannot communicate with it in any other way other than pressing its buttons. Nor can it do anything else other than washing clothes. This could be done with all the unmanned vehicles. Communication must be restricted to the user and the machine. The device should perform only its intended duty. If a nation learns to harness and balance the use of technology, then not only its defense sector but also all the other sectors will be stronger and ensure the nation’s holistic development.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:35 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/future-of-ai-and-machine-roles-in-the-medical-sector/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:35 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/future-of-ai-and-machine-roles-in-the-medical-sector/>
{'title': 'Future of AI and Machine Roles in the Medical Sector', 'cont': ['Have you heard the movie Big Hero 6? It’s an animated movie in which this guy named Tadashi built AI machine Baymax, the inflatable healthcare robot, which could be very in army camps and place where the medical sector is not up to the mark but there is a plot twist it was later turned into a war machine by his younger brother. The whole idea of telling this is that the concept shown in it is now a reality that would come into effect in the coming years. AI is something that has drastically put an impact on our ways of working like if we take ourselves a few years back then no one can think of payment doing through the internet or buying things by just watching their pics that is what online shopping is. AI is making everything more effective, available to all and most importantly it does not have any boundaries.', 'The healthcare sector and the knowledge associated are complex. Health check-ups, today, are not just limited to checking the patient’s temperature or asking questions. With the amplified number of complex diseases, even technology has to get more advance. Modern tests, complex medication processes, and restful treatment require high-end technologies for better healthcare industry. \xa0This where AI is making its way through in the medical industry because it can bring a drastic effect on the healthcare sector in many ways –', 'Radiological images obtained by MRI machines, CT scanners, and x-rays offer non-invasive visibility into the inner workings of the human body.\xa0 But many diagnostic processes still rely on physical tissue samples obtained through biopsies, which carry risks including the potential for infection.', 'Artificial intelligence will enable the next generation of radiology tools that are accurate and detailed enough to replace the need for tissue samples in some cases, experts predict.', 'Pathologists provide one of the most significant sources of diagnostic data for providers across the spectrum of care delivery, says Jeffrey Golden, MD, Chair of the Department of Pathology at BWH.', '“Seventy percent of all decisions in healthcare are based on a pathology result,” he said.', 'Somewhere between 70 and 75 percent of all the data in an electronic health record are from a pathology result. So, the more accurate we get, and the sooner we get to the right diagnosis, the better we’re going to be. That’s what digital pathology and AI have the opportunity to deliver. Analytics that can drill down to the pixel level on extremely large digital images can allow providers to identify nuances that may escape the human eye.', 'Almost all consumers now have access to devices with sensors that can collect valuable data about their health.\xa0 From smartphones with step trackers to wearables that can track a heartbeat around the clock, a growing proportion of health-related data is generated on the go. Collecting and analyzing this data – and supplementing it with patient-provided information through apps and other home monitoring devices – can offer a unique perspective into individual and population health. Artificial intelligence will play a significant role in extracting actionable insights from this large and varied treasure trove of data.', 'Continuing the theme of harnessing the power of portable devices, experts believe that images taken from smartphones and other consumer-grade sources will be an important supplement to clinical quality imaging – especially in underserved populations or developing nations. The quality of cell phone cameras is increasing every year and can produce images that are viable for analysis by artificial intelligence algorithms. Researchers in the United Kingdom have even developed a tool that identifies developmental diseases by analyzing images of a child’s face.\xa0 The algorithm can detect discrete features, such as a child’s jawline, eye and nose placement, and other attributes that might indicate a craniofacial abnormality.\xa0 Currently, the tool can match the ordinary images to more than 90 disorders to provide clinical decision support.', 'Not just this but AI will be upgrading the health care industry in way more than this, completely changing it for. AI will begin the new chapter in the health care industry, it will change the traditional method of treatment and analysis. The doctor will able to treat their patient in a much more effective way, as AI will reduce the pressure on them. The doctor will be less likely to say, “they can’t help them it’s too late” to their patient. Who knows that one day will come and just like in the home, where we’re using Alexa, the future will bring virtual assistants with embedded intelligence to the bedside for humans to use for any medical problem.', 'Many would say that at the end of the day AI is just manmade creation, there will be some flaw in it, we can’t fully trust them, there can be any glitch in it, or what doctor can do AI will never be able to do. In the modern world with the existence of a pandemic situation, AI will be never able to take the place of a doctor but with the assistance of AI, a doctor will able to handle the situation more efficiently and with up gradation in modern technology, they will be well prepared of a situation like covid-19, hope it will never come in future. At last, AI will usher in a new era of mankind and exciting breakthroughs in the human world, since today AI and machine play a very important role in every human’s life, nowadays it is becoming as important as water for living.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:35 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-in-healthcare-to-improve-patient-outcomes/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:35 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-in-healthcare-to-improve-patient-outcomes/>
{'title': 'AI in healthcare to Improve Patient Outcomes', 'cont': ['“If anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades, it will be a highly infectious virus rather than a war. Not missiles but microbes.” Bill Gates’s remarks at a TED conference in 2014, right after the world had avoided the Ebola outbreak. When the new, unprecedented, invisible virus hit us, it met an overwhelmed and unprepared healthcare system and oblivious population. This public health emergency demonstrated our lack of scientific consideration and underlined the alarming need for robust innovations in our health and medical facilities. For the past few years, artificial intelligence has proven to be of tangible potential in the healthcare sectors, clinical practices, translational medical and biomedical research.', 'After the first case was detected in China on December 31st 2019, it was an AI program developed by BlueDot that alerted the world about the pandemic. It was quick to realise AI’s ability to analyse large chunks of data could help in detecting patterns and identifying and tracking the possible carriers of the virus.', 'Many tracing apps use AI to keep tabs on the people who have been infected and prevent the risk of cross-infection by using AI algorithms that can track patterns and extract some features to classify or categorise them.', 'IBM Watson, a sophisticated AI that works on cloud computing and natural language processing, has prominently contributed to the healthcare sector on a global level. Being a conversational AI, since 2013, Watson has helped in recommending treatments to patients suffering from cancer to ensure that they get the best treatment at optimum costs.', 'Researchers at Google Inc. showed that an AI system can be trained on thousands of images to achieve physician-level sensitivity.', 'By identifying the molecular patterns associated with disease status and its subtypes, gene expression, and protein abundance levels, machine learning methods can detect fatal diseases like cancer at an early stage. Machine Learning (ML) techniques focus mainly on analyzing structured data, which can further help in clustering patients’ traits and infer the probability of disease outcomes. Since patient traits mainly include masses of data relating to age, gender, disease history, disease-specific data like diagnostic imaging and gene expressions, etc, ML can extract features from these data inputs by constructing data analytical algorithms.', 'ML algorithms are either supervised or unsupervised. Unsupervised learning helps in extracting features and clustering similar features together that further leads to early detection of diseases. Clustering and principal component analysis enable grouping or clustering of similar traits together that are further used to maximize or minimize the similarity between the patients within or between the clusters. Since patient traits are recorded in multiple dimensions, such as genes, principal component analysis(PCA) creates the apparatus to reduce these dimensions which humans could have not done alone.', 'Supervised learning considers the outcomes of the subjects together with the traits, and further correlates the inputs with the outputs to predict the probability of getting a particular clinical event, expected value of a disease level or expected survival time, or risk of Down’s syndrome.', 'Biomarker panels that are mostly used to detect ovarian cancer, have outperformed the conventional statistical methods due to machine learning. In addition to this, the use of EHRs and Bayesian networks, which are a part of supervised machine learning algorithms, can predict clinical outcomes and mortality respectively.', 'Unstructured data such as clinical notes and texts are converted into machine-readable structured data with the help of natural language processing(NLP). NLP works with two components: text processing and classification. Text processing helps in identifying a series of disease-relevant keywords in clinical notes and then through classification are further categorized into normal and abnormal cases. Chest screening through ML and NLP has helped find abnormalities in the lungs and provide treatment to covid patients. Healthcare organizations use NLP-based chatbots to increase interactions with patients, keeping their mental health and wellness in check.', 'Deep learning is a modern extension of the classical neural network techniques which helps explore more complex non-linear patterns in data, using algorithms like convolution neural network, recurrent neural network, deep belief network, and deep neural network which enables more accurate clinical prediction. When it comes to genome interpretation, deep neural networks surpass the conventional methods of logistics regression and support vector machines.', 'Sepsis Watch is an AI system trained in deep learning algorithms that holds the capability to analyze over 32 million data points to create a patient’s risk score and identify the early stages of sepsis.', 'Another method known as the Learning-based Optimization of the Under Sampling Pattern( LOUPE) is based on integrating full resolution MRI scans with the convolutional neural network algorithm, which helps in creating more accurate reconstructions.', 'Robotic surgery is widely considered in most delicate surgeries like gynaecology and prostate surgery. Even after striking the right balance between human decisions and AI precision, robotic surgery reduces surgeon efficiency as they have to be manually operated through a console. Thus, autonomous robotic surgery is on the rise with inventions such as robotic silicon fingers that mimic the sense of touch that surgeons need to identify organs, cut tissues, etc., or robotic catheters that can navigate whether it is touching blood, tissue, or valve.', 'Researchers at Children’s National Hospital, Washington have already developed an AI called Smart Tissue Autonomous Robot (STAR), which performs a colon anastomosis on its own with the help of an ML-powered suturing tool, that automatically detects the patient’s breathing pattern to apply suture at the correct point.', 'Cloud computing in healthcare has helped in retrieving and sharing medical records safely with a reduction in maintenance costs. Through this technology doctors and various healthcare workers have access to detailed patient data that helps in speeding up analysis ultimately leading to better care in the form of more accurate information, medications, and therapies.', 'Since AI can analyze literature beyond readability, it can be used to concise biomedical research. With the help of ML algorithms and NLP, AI can accelerate screening and indexing of biomedical research, by ranking the literature of interest which allows researchers to formulate and test scientific hypotheses far more precisely and quickly. Taking it to the next level, AI systems like the computational modelling assistant (CMA) helps researchers to construct simulation models from the concepts they have in mind. Such innovations have majorly contributed to topics such as tumour suppressor mechanisms and protein-protein interaction information extraction.', 'Since precision medicine focuses on healthcare interventions to individuals or groups of patients based on their profile, the various AI devices pave the way to practice it more efficiently. With the help of ML, complex algorithms like large datasets can be used to predict and create an optimal treatment strategy.', 'Deep learning and neural networks can be used to process data in healthcare apps and keep a close watch on the patient’s emotional state, food intake, or health monitoring.\xa0', '“Omics” refers to the collective technologies that help in exploring the roles, relationships of various branches ending with the suffix “omics” such as genomics, proteomics, etc. Omics-based tests based on machine learning algorithms help find correlations and predict treatment responses, ultimately creating personalized treatments for individual patients.\xa0', 'For psychologists studying creativity,\xa0 AI is promising new classes of experiments that are developing data structures and programs and exploring novel theories on a new horizon. Studies show that \xa0AI can conduct therapy sessions, ', ' sessions, and assessments autonomously, also assisting human practitioners before, during, or after sessions. The Detection and Computational Analysis of Psychological Signal project uses ML, computer vision, and NLP to analyze language, physical gestures, and social signals to identify cues for human distress. This ground-breaking technology assesses soldiers returning from combat and recognizes those who require further mental health support. In the future, it will combine data captured during face-to-face interviews with information on sleeping, eating, and online behaviours for a complete patient view.', 'Stroke is another frequently occurring disease that affects more than 500 million people worldwide. Thrombus,\xa0 in the vessel cerebral infarction is the major (about 85%) cause of stroke occurrence. In recent years, AI techniques have been used in numerous stroke-related studies as early detection and timely treatment along with efficient outcome prediction can help solve the problem. With AI at our disposal, large amounts of data with rich information, more complications and real-life clinical questions can be addressed in this arena. Currently, two ML algorithms- genetic fuzzy finite state machine and PCA were implemented to build a model building solution. These include a human activity recognition stage and a stroke onset detection stage. An alert stroke message is activated as soon as a movement significantly different from the normal pattern is recorded. ML methods have been applied to neuroimaging data to assist disease evaluation and predicting stroke treatment for the diagnosis.', 'Today, the market for AI-based patient monitoring is impressive and monetarily enticing. It is evolving with artificial sensors, smart technologies and explores everything from brain-computer interfaces to nanorobotics. Companies with their smart-watches have engaged people to perform remote monitoring even when they are not “patients”. An obvious place to start is with wearable and embedded sensors, glucose monitors, pulse monitors, oximeters, and ECG monitors. With patient monitoring becoming crucial, AI finds numerous applications in chronic conditions, intensive care units, operating rooms, emergency rooms, and cardiac wards where timeless clinical decision-making can be measured in seconds. More advances have started to gain traction like smart prosthetics and implants. These play an impeccable role in patient management post-surgery or rehabilitation. Demographics, laboratory results and vital signs can also be used to predict cardiac arrest, transfer into the intensive care unit, or even death. In addition, an interpretable machine-learning model can assist anesthesiologists in predicting hypoxaemia events during surgery. This suggests that with deep-learning algorithms, raw patient-monitoring data could be better used to avoid information overload and alert overload while enabling more accurate clinical prediction and timely decision-making.', 'Considering the vast range of tasks that an AI can do, it is evident that it holds deep potential in improving patient outcomes to skyrocketing levels. Using sophisticated algorithms AI can bring a revolution in the healthcare sector. Even after facing challenges like whether the technology will be able to deliver the promises, ethical measures, training physicians to use it, standard regulations etc, the role of AI in transforming the clinical practices cannot be ignored. The biggest challenge is the integration of AI in daily practice. All of these can be overcome and within that period the technologies will mature making the system far more enhanced and effective.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:36 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-if-the-creation-is-taking-over-the-creator/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:36 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-if-the-creation-is-taking-over-the-creator/>
{'title': 'What if the Creation is Taking Over the Creator?', 'cont': ['Human minds, a fascination in itself carrying the potential of tinkering nature with the pixie dust intelligence, creating and solving the mysteries and wonders with anything but admiration. However, no matter how captivating a human mind can be, it could sometimes be appalled. It could be the hunger or maybe the desire to want more, to go beyond and unravel the limitations, or maybe something like pure greed. Humans have never stopped and always keep evolving when it comes to intelligence and this is what makes them the supreme.', 'Intelligence calls out for supremacy and so, what if there was to evolve something that opposed a challenge to the very human minds, to their capabilities while making them question their own importance among themselves? Artificial Intelligence came as a revolution, havoc when it first came to the light. The concept of making machines does work on their own, like granting machines –The Intelligence.', 'The idea of making machines work like humans came back in the 19s. Back then people didn’t believe in such a thing as making a non-living thing work, think, and carry tasks on its own, not to mention, to actually surpass humans themselves in those skills. The facts are it did. By 1997. The greatest chess player, Garry Kasparov was defeated in a chess game by a machine and this is where exactly, a top skilled human lost to a mere machine created by another who by himself could’ve never defeated him. It was a rule of power, of betterment, of skills, and the granted supremacy. Were AI and Machines just tools? Equipment?\xa0 Something that helped an unskilled person with his mind and intelligence creates something that could do the skilled work for him with perfection and precision? Well initially it was, however, as time passed as humans got drawn to the puzzle of AI, a lot changed. Human research went deeper and deeper and as a result, the machines evolved with it.', 'At present, AI & Machines is a growing field. As it develops and improves, it has become a part of the industrial revolution. In industries, most of the laborious work that was once taken care of by humans was now replaced by machines. Naturally, with the evolution in machines, its precision, mass productivity, quality control, time efficiencies, and all the other factors made it a better choice. A choice over humans.', 'This led to fear, a fear of a not-so-distant future, a future where maybe machines will be so evolved that they’ll take over the need of a human employee leading to unemployment. With the population increase around the world, it became the new tech threat for the labor market. Then again… how true is it? Does AI really oppose a threat? Will adapting to technology make millions of people lose their jobs? Will it lead to mass unemployment? Will the machines really surpass humans? Will, the creation take over the creator?', 'No matter how fearful the future with AI may seem, in reality, it is not that scary. Truth is AI is the present reality, it is the key that holds the power to unlock a whole next level of human evolution. Technology is growing. There was a time where technology was just an idea, but today that idea has been implemented, it’s working and is carried out. Nobody could stop the advancement and growth of Artificial Intelligence, it’s a wave that is already flowing and we as the present generation and the generations to come to have to learn, to learn to swim in this flow and avoid drowning.', 'Many jobs will be replaced by machines, as AI evolves it’ll keep challenging human minds and their skills. With the present COVID 19 situation, contactless cashiers to robots delivering packages have already taken over the usual routine tasks. The jobs of Secretaries, Schedulers, and book-keeper are at risk too. Manufacturing units, agriculture, food services, retail, transportation & logistic, and hospitality are all a part of the AI-affected automation. At an estimation, it is said that around 20 million jobs, especially including manufacturing will be lost to robots. As AI, robotics, 3D printing, and genetics make their way in, even the architects, medical docs, and music composers feel threatened by technology. Making us question that will AI even edge us out of our brain jobs too? Now that can be terrifying.', 'However, as much as machines will be replacing few jobs, they’ll also be creating new jobs.\xa0 With the economic growth, innovation, and investment around 133 million jobs are said to be generated. These newly enhanced jobs are to create benefits and amplify one’s creativity, strategy, and entrepreneurial skills. So what is the catch?', 'Well, it’s the skills. Even though AI is creating 3 times more jobs than it is destroying, it’s the skills that count. AI surged in new job opportunities, opportunities like Senior Data Scientist, Mobile Application Developer, and SEO specialist. These jobs were once never heard of but now with AI it’s born, however, to do these jobs or for its qualification, one needs high-level skills and to acquire those skills can be an expensive and time-consuming task. The future generation might be able to cope up with it but the real struggle is to be faced by the present two generations. It’s the vulnerability between the skill gap and unemployment and the youths are the ones to be crushed the most.', 'Therefore, as the advancement of AI becomes inevitable there remains no choice but to adapt, learn, equip ourselves and grow with it. The companies have to work together to build an AI-ready workplace. They should collaborate with the government, educators, and non-profit organizations and work together to bring out policies that could help understand the technologies’ impacts faster while also providing the employees some security. The economic and business planning should be made considerable for minimizing the impact on local jobs and properly maximizing the opportunities.', 'The employees should be provided with proper tools to carry along with the new opportunities while acquiring AI-based skills for their day-to-day work. New skills should be identified and implemented for the upskilling and continual learning initiatives. Employees will have to maximize their Robotic Quotient and learn core skills. They’ll have to adapt to new working models and understand their roles in the coming future.\xa0', 'Howsoever, it’s not like AI will totally take over control, even though AI proves to be a better choice, it still has its limitations at present. First, it’s expensive, secondly, manufacturing machines in bulk is not good for the environment. Machines are also very high maintenance, therefore human labor will often come cheaper and so will be considered over machines. Underdeveloped countries will find it hard to equip their people with the upskilling and reskilling required for AI workplace and so for AI to play a role in those countries, might take years. AI can also be risky and unethical, as it’s hard to figure out who to be held responsible for in cases where an AI went wrong.', 'No matter, how advanced AI gets, there are some skills where humans will always have an upper hand i.e., soft skills. Skills like teamwork, communication, creativity, and critical thinking are something that AI hasn’t been able to beat us up to yet and so the value of creativity, leadership, and emotional intelligence has increased. Although, with machines coming in between humans causing the lack of human-to-human interaction, the humans seem to fade away a little.', 'With this era, comes the need for good leaders. Leaders who are capable of handling both machines and humans together, the ones who are organized enough to manage the skilled and the unskilled employees while providing the unskilled trainees with proper training. Leaders who hold profound soft skills and encourage teamwork while working along with machines. The ones who are patient, calm, and optimized. \xa0', 'In conclusion, yes AI and machines are going to be very challenging but there’s nothing humans haven’t overcome. Adaptation and up-gradation are going to be the primary factor for survival. As we witness the onset of the 4th industrial revolution, let’s buckle up our seats and race along the highway with the essential fuels (skills) so as to not let ourselves eliminated. After all, this is an unending race with infinity as the end, all we could do is try not to run out of fuel. Try not to be outdated.\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:36 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-jobs-will-robots-take-from-humans-in-the-future/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:36 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-jobs-will-robots-take-from-humans-in-the-future/>
{'title': 'What Jobs Will Robots Take From Humans in The Future?', 'cont': ['AI is rapidly evolving in the employment sector, particularly in matters involving business and finance. Finance, management, economics, and accounting are now among the most popular university courses globally; particularly at the graduate level, due to their high employability. However, the evolution of machinery in industries is changing that. According to research, 230,000 jobs in these sectors may be replaced by AI agents in the next 5 years. This is due to the nature of the work, as employees are responsible for tasks such as data analysis and keeping track of numerical information; which machines excel at. Large, complicated data sets can be analyzed faster and more efficiently by AI-powered computers than by people. Algorithmic trading procedures that produce automated deals are less likely to be produced without minute errors when undertaken by humans. In such matters involving industrial work, a subsection of artificial intelligence is used; namely, machine learning.', 'Machine learning is a term used for the application of artificial intelligence (AI) in systems, which involves them assimilating and processing information by gaining experience. It is mainly concerned with the development of technology and computer programs.', '\xa0Its improvement process is mainly divided into seven steps; which start with the collection of data. This data can be collected from an internal database or perhaps an IoT structure. The second and most time-consuming step is cleaning, preparing, and rearranging the data; which involves the recognition of outliers, trends, and missing information so that the outcome is as accurate as possible. The third step consists of formatting data; which is useful if you source your information from a variety of sources. Step four is where AI comes into place. Self-service data processing tools may be useful if they provide intelligent services for matching data attributes from distinct databases and intelligently integrating them. The data is then arranged to better represent a specific pattern. Lastly, the data is divided into two sets: one for training the algorithm and one for analysis.', 'There are three types of machine learning; supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning. The most common of the bunch is supervised machine learning; which is based on accurately labeled data. The machine is given a collection of information, including the outcome of the operation. The rest of the information is referred to as ‘input features’, which ‘supervises’ the machine by guiding it to establish the connections between the variants.', 'In the case of unsupervised learning, the machine isn’t given labeled sets of data to be divided into, allowing it to recognize and create its own patterns within the information provided. Since computers have the capabilities of identifying distinguished similarities, this method helps with the classifying of such data.', 'Reinforcement learning comprises experience-based learning. Similar to people, they learn due to a reward and punishment system based on their actions.', 'These variations of system learning have recently been integrated into business and finance, which is elaborated on in the following passages.', 'There are many ways in which machine learning is used in finance and banking. The most common place it is used is to detect any frauds. Fraud is the most common problem in financial service companies and it accounts for billions of dollars in misfortune each year. The most common frauds are credit or debit card usage by a stranger, document forgery, and mortgage fraud.', 'Usually, finance companies keep an enormous amount of their data stored online, and it increases the risk of information being accessed without authorization. With expanding innovative headway, misrepresentation in the monetary business is currently viewed as a high danger to significant information. Fraud recognition frameworks in the past were planned dependent on a bunch of rules, which could be effortlessly be bypassed by current fraudsters. Therefore, most companies today leverage machine learning to combat fraudulent financial transactions.', '\xa0Machine learning works by looking over enormous informational indexes to distinguish unique or suspicious activities for additional examination by security groups. It works by looking at an exchange against other information focuses – like the client’s record history, IP address, area, and so forth.\xa0 Depending on the type of exchange taking place, the program can automatically refuse a withdrawal or purchase until the person makes a decision.', 'Examples of fraud detection software used by banks include Feedzai, Data visor, and Teradata', 'Machine learning is also used in algorithmic trading, portfolio management, loan underwriting, chatbots, and improving customer service.', 'Algorithmic trading is an interaction for executing orders using computerized and pre-modified exchanging guidelines to represent factors like value, timing, and volume. An algorithm is a set of directions for solving a problem. Computer calculations send little parts of the full request to the market over the long run.', 'In contrast to human dealers, algorithmic exchanging can investigate enormous volumes of information every day and therefore make thousands of trades every day. Machine learning settles on quick exchanging choices, which gives human traders a benefit over the market normal. Likewise, algorithmic exchanging doesn’t settle on exchanging choices dependent on feelings, which is a typical constraint among human dealers whose judgment might be influenced by feelings or individual desires. The exchanging technique is generally utilized by multifaceted investment administrators and monetary foundations to automate trading activities.', 'In the banking industry, organizations access a large number of shopper information, with which machine learning can be prepared to work in order to simplify the underwriting process. Machine learning calculations can settle on speedy choices on endorsing and credit scoring, and save organizations both time and monetary assets that are utilized by people.', 'Data scientists can train algorithms on how to analyze millions of consumer data to coordinate with information records, search for interesting special cases, and settle on a choice on whether a shopper meets all requirements for an advance or protection. For instance, the calculation can be prepared on the most proficient method to examine shopper information, like age, pay, occupation, and the buyer’s credit conduct.', 'As with any form of revolutionary technology, the usage of machine learning has been debated over as its beneficial properties have been weighed against the possible disadvantages. It’s been observed that upon correct usage, it may be used to solve a wide range of business challenges and anticipate complicated customer behavior. We’ve also seen several of the largest IT conglomerates, such as Google, Amazon, and Microsoft, introduce Cloud Machine Learning platforms.', 'In terms of business, ML can aid businesses by identifying consumer’s demands and formulate a pattern based on them; allowing companies to reach out to such consumers and maximize their sales. It eliminates the need for expenses on some maintenance by reducing the risks associated with unexpected breakdowns and minimizes wasteful costs to the firms.\xa0 Historical data, a process visualization tool, a flexible analytical environment, and a feedback loop may all be used to build an ML architecture. The input of data is another agitating chore for businesses in the present, which is where machine learning can step in for manual labor. This eradicates the possibility of errors caused by manual labor causing disruptions and provides employees with extra time to handle other tasks.', 'In the financial sector, machine learning is already utilized for portfolio management, algorithmic trading, loan underwriting, and fraud detection. Chatbots and other conversational interfaces for security, customer support, and sentiment analysis will be among the future uses of ML in banking. Another aspect of business involving artificial intelligence includes image recognition, which entails a system or program that recognizes objects, people, places, and movements in photos. It identifies photographs using an imaging system and machine recognition tech with artificial intelligence and programmed algorithms.', 'With all the benefits of its advancement, machine learning isn’t the most perfect thing. There are several disadvantages which are information acquisition, time and resources and high errors, and wrong interpretations. One of the major hurdles is the amount of finance needed to invest in machine learning for it to be a successful project. More issues have to do with the fact that AI requires gigantic informational indexes to train on, and these ought to be unbiased, and of good quality. There can likewise be times where they have to wait for that new information to be produced. Machine learning needs sufficient opportunity to do the calculations to learn and adequately to satisfy their accuracy and relevancy. It also needs huge resources to work. This can mean extra requirements for the computer to work. Another significant problem is the capacity to precisely decipher the results produced by the calculations. You should likewise cautiously pick the algorithms to get the wanted results.', 'There have been various reports in the past and current years which claim that a significant piece of the human labor force will be replaced via robots and machines in the years to come. With excessive innovative work being led in the field of computerized reasoning, many dread that a significant job crisis will unfurl since numerous positions are all the more precisely and productively performed with the use of machines. In countries like Japan, mainly computer programs and AI is used in the secondary and tertiary sectors. From cleaning the house to depositing money in banks, everything is done by AI. However, AI cannot replace humans in the future. Humans have several capabilities which, even after several technological advancements a machine would not be able to have. These capabilities include creative thinking and creative problem solving, and human connection. For example, when a child goes to a doctor to get an injection, a nurse always relaxes the child to not be afraid of the needle. A machine’s touch would not be able to soothe a child. Another example could be how humans tend to share things with each other and be open about it, a machine will not be able to do so since it is only programmed to things it has been told to do. Like computers, AI will not replace us but would however complement us to make daily work easier and less time-consuming. Without humans themselves, there is no future for AI.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:36 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-machine-replace-the-human-in-the-future-of-work/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:36 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-machine-replace-the-human-in-the-future-of-work/>
{'title': 'Will Machine Replace The Human in the Future of Work?', 'cont': ['“Anything that could give rise to smarter-than-human intelligence – in the form of Artificial Intelligence, brain-computer interfaces, or neuroscience-based human intelligence enhancement – wins hands down beyond contest as doing the most to change the world. Nothing else is even in the same league.”\xa0', 'There’s no denying robots and automation are increasingly part of our daily lives. Just look around the grocery store, or the highway, they are everywhere. This makes us wonder what if AI can replace human intelligence? What can we do to make ourselves relevant tomorrow? Let us try to find the answers to all these questions and more.', 'Let’s first understand what is Artificial Intelligence –', ' or AI basically machines displaying intelligence. This can be seen from a machine playing chess or a robot answering questions on Facebook. Artificial Intelligence can be further broken down into many different types. There are AIs designed to do specific tasks, such as detecting a specific type of cancer. However, there are also AIs that can do multiple tasks, such as driving a car. There are many types of AIs. Among the top, most important fields are Machine Learning or ML, Neural Network, Computer Vision, and Natural Language Processing or NLP.', ' is the idea of machines being able to prove themselves similar to how a human being learns a new skill. Machine Learning also allows for the optimization of an existing skill. Machine Learning is used in many different fields and one such application is entertainment. Netflix uses Machine Learning to recommend more shows that you can watch based on the shows that you have already seen.', ' are algorithms that are modeled after the human brain. These algorithms think just like we do which can thereby give similar results to what a human being can give. Artificial Neural Networks are used in medical fields to diagnose cancers like lung cancer and prostate cancer.', ' is the idea that computers have visions. This allows them to see things the way human beings do or potentially better than human beings do, depending on the programming, camera used, etc. Computer Vision is used in autonomous vehicles for navigation from one place to another.', ' is the idea that computers can listen to what we say. An example of this is ', '. Siri is able to listen to our demands, process what it means, and provide you an answer based on what is researched.', 'AIs allow for the automation of jobs, thereby replacing what humans already do. This means more job loss and the concentration of wealth to the selected few people. This could mean a destabilization of society and social unrest. In addition to social unrest, AI improves over time. This means it becomes smarter, faster, and cheaper to implement and it will be better at doing repetitive things that humans currently do, such as preparing fast food. It is predicted that AI will improve so much over 50 to 100 years that AI will become super intelligent. This means that it will become even smarter than the most intelligent human on earth. According to many experts such as Elon Musk, this could cause the end of human civilization. AI could potentially start a war against humans, burn crops and do all sorts of tragedies once reserved for human functions. At that point, in theory, we can not stop it because AI would have already thought of all the obstacles that will prevent its goal. This means that we cannot unplug the machine, in effect AI will replace human intelligence.', 'NO! The field of Artificial Intelligence is sophisticated enough to do many human tasks that humans currently do. Currently, AI is not smart enough to be empathetic to humans and cannot think strategically enough to solve complex problems. AI solutions can be expensive and have to go through many different tests and standards to implement. It also takes time for AI to improve. For example, Boston Dynamics, one of the world’s top robotics company had a robot in 2009 that needed assistance to walk. Fast forward to 2019, not only the robot could walk by itself but it could jump over objects, do backflips and so much more. In addition to the timing, it takes time for the price of any new technological solution to drop to a point where it is affordable. For example, a desktop computer costs around $1000 in 1999 but now you can get a significantly more powerful laptop for the exact same price. AI will go through the same curve.', 'But what happens after those 10 to 30 years? Will AI make human intelligence obsolete? Maybe. As we have proven earlier AI will become faster better and cheaper. As this happens, more and more companies will use AI technology to automate more and more jobs to save money, increase productivity, and most importantly, stay competitive. As we have demonstrated, AI will become better through repetition via the use of machine learning. The only difference is that AI will be able to learn faster as time progresses due to the amount of data that is available today. It will also be able to learn from other machines or similar machines to learn how to optimize its tasks or new important skills. However, AI also just not do repetitive and routine tasks better, it will also be able to understand emotional intelligence, ethics, and creativity. This seen in three distinct example-', 'IBM uses its IBM Watson to program the AI to create a movie trailer. Fox approached IBM and said they have a movie coming out on AI #Scifi horror. They asked IBM if their platform IBM Watson could a trailer by reviewing and watching the footage and searching for scary,', 'Sad or happy or other moments in the movie that provoked quality emotions based on how the machine was programmed to identify such emotions in a quantifiable manner. IBM Watson was able to generate a trailer for the movie Morgan. The result, a movie trailer created by machines e', 'IN 2018 google demonstrated an AI assistance that could take calls and do simple stuff. The AI was able to set up an appointment! What was more fascinating was that it was able to understand the nuances of the conversation. The receptionist thought it was a human being that was calling her. That is a very primitive version of what is possible with this technology. Eventually, it will be able to have conversations just as human beings do, making many sales jobs obsolete. example – AI generated art', 'In 2018, a Paris art collective consisting of three students used artificial intelligence to generate a portrait. It generated the portrait painting by studying a set of fifteen thousand art images on wiki art. It was estimated to be worth between seven thousand to ten thousand dollars. The painting sold at an auction for four thirty-five thousand US dollars.', 'However, we cannot for sure say that AI will replace human intelligence. This is because we as a society have started asking hard questions and questioning ethics. Elon Musk founded Open AI, a research lab whose whole purpose is to promote and discover artificial intelligence in a way to benefits humanity. In addition to this, there are many factors that affect the long-term outcome of AI replacing human intelligence. Like, to what degree will other humans allow for AI to take over? Depending on the field, do people even want Artificial Intelligence to help them? Or will they prefer a human counterpart? While we may not be able to control what happens in the long run, we can definitely secure our short-term future.', 'The ability to think outside the box is very human. There are thousands upon thousands of slightly different possible outcomes that may result from every distinguishable action that the human mind with its ability to judge from experience is programmed for these purposes in a far more sophisticated manner than AI can currently achieve. As the billionaire founder of Alibaba, Jack Ma famously said – “AI has logic, human beings have wisdom”.', 'With our understanding of the complexities of human-related processes and our ability to improvise and judge, we are far better equipped to deal with conflicts than robots are ever likely to be.', 'AI may be able to recognize faces and images but it can rarely successfully read the feelings of those faces. Humans, to lesser or greater degrees, are capable of an accurate analysis of emotional subtext. With the application of intuition and the use of delicately worded or elusive languages, through these methods, we are able to properly judge how a person', 'Robots and computers function well when presented with quantifiable data. However, once the situation enters a gray area, whether this term refers to morals, processes, or definitions robots are more likely to falter.', 'Humans are capable of responding to more indicators of quality than computers are. While an AI system may be able to analyze documents according to the true or false statements made within the text, we can judge whether or not it is well written and analyze the implication of the use of certain words and the overall meaning of the content.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-ai-replace-us-or-work-with-us/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-ai-replace-us-or-work-with-us/>
{'title': 'Will AI Replace Us or Work With Us?', 'cont': ['“Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make”', 'Nick Bostrom', 'To put it frankly, Artificial Intelligence will eventually replace jobs. Workers in a variety of industries, from healthcare to agriculture and manufacturing, should expect to witness hiring disruptions as a result of Artificial Intelligence.', 'If history has taught us anything, it is that disruptive paradigm-shifting business ideas not only make a fortune for the innovators, but they also build the groundwork for new business models, market entrants, and job opportunities which will inevitably follow. It is true that robots today or in future will eventually replace humans for many jobs, but so did innovative farming equipment for humans and horses during the industrial revolution. But that does not mean that our jobs as humans will end here. We, on the other hand, will be required to generate and provide value in whole new ways for entirely new business models as a result of these changes.', 'According to 71% of the businesses worldwide, Artificial Intelligence can help people overcome critical and challenging problems and live better lives. Artificial Intelligence consultants at work will be more or equally fair, according to a whopping 83% of corporate leaders. These results demonstrate that Artificial Intelligence is steadily extending its measures, yielding societal benefits and allowing citizens to live more fulfilling lives.', 'Since the advent of Industry 4.0, businesses are moving at a fast pace towards automation, be it any type of industry. In 2013, researchers at oxford university did a study on the future of work. They concluded that almost one in every two jobs have a high risk of being automated by machines. Machine learning is responsible for this disruption. It is the most powerful branch of artificial intelligence. It allows machines to learn from data and mimic some of the things that humans can do.', 'A research was conducted by the employees of Kaggle wherein an algorithm was to be created to take images of a human eye and diagnose an eye disease known as diabetic retinopathy. Here, the winning algorithm could match the diagnosis given by human ophthalmologists. Another study was conducted wherein an algorithm should be created to grade high school essays. Here too, the winning algorithm could match the grade given by human teachers.', 'Thus, we can safely conclude that given the right data, machines can easily outperform human beings in tasks like these. A teacher might read 10,000 essays over a 40-year career; an ophthalmologist might see 50,000 eyes but a machine can read a million essays and see a million eyes within minutes.', 'Thus, it is convenient to conclude that we have no chance of competing with machines on frequent, high volume tasks.\xa0', 'But there are tasks where human beings have an upper hand, and that is, in novel tasks. Machines can’t handle things they haven’t seen many times before. The fundamental rule of machine learning is that it learns from large volumes of past data. But humans don’t; we have the ability of seemingly connecting disparate threads to solve problems we haven’t seen before.\xa0', 'Percy Spencer was a physicist working on radar during world war 2 where he noticed that the magnetron was melting his chocolate bar. Here, he was able to connect his understanding of electromagnetic radiation with his knowledge of cooking in order to invent the microwave oven. Now this sort of cross pollination happens to each one of us several times in a day. Thus, machines cannot compete with us when it comes to tackling novel situations.\xa0', 'Now as we all know that around 92% of talented professionals believe that soft skills such as human interactions and fostering relationships matter much more than hard skills in being successful in managing a workplace. Perhaps, these are the kind of tasks that machines can never compete with humans at.\xa0', 'Also, creative tasks: the copy behind a marketing campaign needs to grab customers’ attention and will have to stand out of the crowd. Business strategy means finding gaps in the market and accordingly working on them. Since machines cannot outperform humans in novel tasks, it will be humans who would be creating these campaigns and strategies.\xa0', 'Human contact would be essential in care-giving and educational-related work responsibilities, and technology would take a backseat. Health screenings and customer service face-to-face communication would advocate for human contact, with Artificial Intelligence playing a supporting role.\xa0', 'So, what does this mean for the future of work? The future state of any single job lies in the answer to one single question: to what extent is the job reducible to tackling frequent high-volume tasks and to what extent does it involve tackling novel situations?', 'Today machines diagnose diseases and grade exam papers, over the coming years they’re going to conduct audits, they’re going to read boilerplate from legal contracts. But does that mean we’re not going to be needing accountants and lawyers? Wrong. We’re still going to need them for complex tax structuring, for path breaking litigation. It will only get tougher to get these jobs as machine learning will shrink their ranks.\xa0', 'Amazon has recruited more than 100,000 robots in its warehouses to help move goods and products around more effectively, and its warehouse workforce has expanded by more than 80,000 people. Humans pick and pack goods (Amazon has over 480,000,000 products on its “shelves”), while robots move orders throughout the enormous warehouses, therefore reducing “the amount of walking required of workers, making Amazon pickers more efficient and less exhausted.” Furthermore, because Amazon no longer requires aisle space for humans, the robots enable Amazon to pack shelves together like cars in rush-hour traffic.” More inventory under one roof offers better selection for customers, and a higher density of shelf space equals more inventory under one roof.', 'Kodak, once an undisputed giant of the photography industry, had a 90% share in the USA market in 1976, and by 1984, they were employing 1,45,000 people. But in the year 2012, they had a net worth of negative $1 billion and they had to declare bankruptcy. Why? Because they failed to predict the importance of exponential trends when it comes to technology. On the other hand, Instagram, a digital photography company started in 2012 with 13 employees and later they were sold to Facebook for $1 billion. This is so ironic because Kodak pioneered digital photography and actually invented the first digital camera but unfortunately thought of it as a mere product and didn’t pay attention towards it and this created the problem.\xa0\xa0', 'We live in an era of artificial intelligence (AI), which has given us tremendous computing power, storage space, and information access. We were given the spinning wheel in the first, electricity in the second, and computers in the third industrial revolution by the exponential growth of technology.', 'Airbnb, which is a giant start-up and is known for enabling homeowners to rent out their homes and couches to travellers, for example, “is now creating a new Artificial Intelligence system that will empower its designers and product engineers to literally take ideas from the drawing board and convert them into actual products almost instantly.” This might be a significant breakthrough whether you’re a designer, engineer, or other type of technologist.', '\xa0', 'There are three key changes that automation can bring about at the macro level:\xa0', 'Artificial Intelligence isn’t just a fad. Tractica, a market research firm, published a report in 2016 that predicted “annual global revenue for artificial intelligence products and services will expand from 643.7 million in 2016 to $36.8 billion by 2025, a 57-fold increase over that time span.” As a result, it is the IT industry’s fastest-growing segment of any size.”', 'The reduction in need for people as a result of Artificial Intelligence and related technologies, which resulted in job layoffs, was a cause of fear. In India alone, job losses in the IT sector have reportedly reached 1,000 in the last year, owing to the integration of new and advanced technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning.\xa0', 'Most of the IT companies such as Infosys, Wipro, TCS, and Cognizant have reduced their employee base in India and are recruiting less, while engaging more personnel in the United States and investing heavily in “centres of innovation.” Artificial Intelligence and data science, which are currently the trending aspects that require fewer people and are primarily located abroad, aren’t helping the prospects of local employees. Another factor is that the computer industry is continuously growing and would develop to a size of two million workers. Unfortunately, it’s a drop in the bucket compared to what robots are doing to Information Technology’s less-skilled brothers.\xa0', 'Large e-commerce sites that used to be operated by armies of people are now manned by 200 robots produced by GreyOrange, which is an Indian company based out in Gurgaon. These indefatigable robots lift and stack boxes 24 hours a day, with only a 30-minute break for recharging, and have cut employees by up to 80%. For efficiency, this is a victory but a disaster for job prospects.\xa0', 'Internal re-skilling and redeployment of staff is a critical requirement of the hour. Artificial intelligence has presented Indian policymakers with epistemological, scientific, and ethical issues. This requires us to abandon regular, linear, and non-disruptive mental patterns. The tale of artificial intelligence’s influence on individuals and their occupations will only be told over time. It is up to us to upskill ourselves and look for ways to stay current with the industry’s current trends and demands.\xa0', 'So, will machines be able to take over many of our jobs? The answer is a resounding yes. However, for every job that is taken over by robots, there will be an equal number of positions available for people to do. Some of these human vocations will be artistic in nature. Others will necessitate humans honing superhuman cognitive abilities. Humans and machines can form symbiotic relationships, assisting each other in doing what they do best. In the future, people and machines may be able to collaborate and work together towards a common goal for any business they work for.\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/man-and-machines-together-machines-are-more-diligent-than-humans-blackcoffe/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/man-and-machines-together-machines-are-more-diligent-than-humans-blackcoffe/>
{'title': 'Will machine replace the human in the future of work?', 'cont': ['Where is this disruptive technology taking us? Take it or leave it, disruptive technology always creates new jobs much more than depleted jobs. You might notice certain jobs disappearing but those jobs are the jobs that transform humans to robots, to machines, and the technology is creating machines to replace them.\xa0 Technology creates the data analysis tools to manipulate and create custom scenarios using artificial intelligence (AI), Big Data and Machine Learning (ML) algorithms to predict and drive consumer behavior. Data Analytics tools, such as Google Analytics , and others are available today for free, and, if used correctly, can help organizations save millions, maybe billions of dollars of sales and marketing.', 'Before I go on, I think it’s best to level set on what constitutes\xa0', '.\xa0In the context of this article , machines describe computers and computerized equipment, like robots, that have been programmed to learn, sometimes like humans. Occasionally we call this Artificial Intelligence (AI), other times we call this machine learning, and still other times we call this robotics. And yes, these are technically different things. These bots are more efficient than humans in some specific domains and are growing smarter with each passing day. They can do some really tough tasks which are considered difficult for any human being. \xa0But, within the broad discussion related to the future of work, these are totally interrelated. Factory floors deploy robots that are increasingly driven by machine learning algorithms such that they can adjust to people working alongside them. A machine can work efficiently only it has abundant data and information about the work which is being imparted daily to them. But with every forward step & advancement in technology, a threat is proliferating, a threat of being replaced on our work front. Every passing day is sealing some jobs for humans all over the globe. Similarly, AI is being used to turn hand-drawn sketches (done by humans) into digital source code.', 'Companies are clearly developing their AI and robotics expertise with the idea that through these technological innovations they’ll be able to', 'Of course, it’s not just machines and creatives working together either. In another example, Amazon has employed more than 100,000 robots in its warehouses to efficiently move things around while it has increased its warehouse workforce by more than 80,000. Humans, in Amazon’s case, do the picking and packing of goods while robots move orders around the giant warehouses, essentially cutting “down on the walking required of workers, making Amazon pickers more efficient and less tired.” Plus, the robots “allow Amazon to pack shelves together like cars in rush-hour traffic because they no longer need aisle space for humans. The greater density of shelf space means more inventory under one roof, which means better selection for customers.”', 'During the next few decades (or maybe sooner), the notion of work and whether it is handled by a human or a virtual being will hinge on predictability. As they are starting to do today, machines will manage the routine while humans take on the unpredictable – tasks that require creativity, problem-solving, and flexibility. In this context, robotics should be seen not only as a means to improve operations efficiency but also to improve the quality of life for workers.', 'Although it is obvious that human factors involved in a work activity impact job automation, it is also true that highly repetitive tasks—and even mechanical ones—are ideal for robots. Besides greater efficiency and speed, automation leads to a lower risk of accidents, greater control and autonomy, and above all, fewer costs for organizations.', 'Although artificial intelligence and machine learning make us believe that robots are endowed with superior intelligence, in fact they don’t yet have the ability to learn from experience and to respond to unknowns. So as things stand, however much processing speed and automatic learning a robot has, it doesn’t beat factors innate to the human brain. Humans are still a very essential part of the process. Think about delivering services to a client. Most customer challenges are routine, but humans play a very important role in addressing new issues, solving them the first time they appear, and then consolidating the process into the system.', 'While machines and humans are placed in proximity, \xa0robots can be expensive, but this doesn’t apply to all types, especially those based on Robotic Process Automation (RPA), where the development process incorporates algorithms that significantly reduce costs.', 'Moreover, think of how domestic robots—be it a vacuum cleaner, a lawn mower or a pool cleaner—are increasingly part of our daily lives. This level of consumption that robotics has attained makes it affordable to automate tasks in modern homes to obtain greater control, security and comfort.', 'The division between humans and machines has been clear – I’m here, the machine is there – but that boundary is getting fuzzier. Smart prosthetics fuse seamlessly with our bodies, making up for lost limbs or providing additional strength, stability, or resilience, as seen in exoskeletons donned by assembly line workers.', 'We use our smartphones symbiotically, but what if they were integrated directly into our bodies? Think a smartphone in the form of a contact lens capable of transparently delivering augmented reality images straight to the brain. Think it sounds like science fiction? Think again. The first prototypes have already been built.', 'Soon, brain-computer interfaces could become seamless as well, creating a new synergistic relationship between the cloud and us. At that point, the question of who knows what would be moot; you ask me a question and I know the answer. Sometimes that answer will be stored in my own neural circuitry, but most of the time it would come from the connection of my neurons to the web. Our brain’s decision process is influenced by the way it has been “educated” by the cultural context. These external factors are influencing our decision processes to the point that in certain situations, we can legitimately claim that influence has been so strong that our brains can’t be held accountable for the choices made. The point I’m trying to make is that we humans are in symbiosis with our cultural environment and the tools – both physical and conceptual – that we have been taught to use. My guess is that the transformation will be subtle.', 'Practically speaking, robots growing to the point that they take over the world and then start creating smarter, better robots are impractical and should not even be a concern. None of this is expected in the near future, not by a long shot. If you’ve been to an ATM, waited for a PC to boot up after a catastrophic failure, or had a game crash on your X box just when you were about to reach a checkpoint, you understand that we are not in a world where machines do everything perfectly right. Before they can take over all of our jobs, they need to be able to do theirs’ flawlessly; until then, we can depend on humans to mess up our lives.', 'This isn’t a win-or-lose situation. We’re going to wind up as a partner to our smarter machines, and that partnership will be fostered by our augmentation through technology. Machines will play an essential role in this augmentation and, as with any successful technology, they will fall below our level of perception. In the end, the revolution will be silent and invisible.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/in-future-or-in-upcoming-years-humans-and-machines-are-going-to-work-together-in-every-field-of-work/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/in-future-or-in-upcoming-years-humans-and-machines-are-going-to-work-together-in-every-field-of-work/>
{'title': 'How humans and machines are evolving to work together?', 'cont': ['In future or in upcoming years humans and machines are going to work together in every field of work. In upcoming days machines will be the need for every human being. Machines [AI technology] will do the work which humans are incapable of doing. Machines will partner and co-operate with humans.', 'According to the professor at the university of Washington, he explained that, as a result of AI, there will be more demand for existing jobs and new jobs will be created that are unimaginable today. Human workers and machines will work together flawlessly, complementing each other. Machines will learn to carry out easier tasks such as following processes or crunching data. They will also help the humans while difficult. Machines or AI will create a great job opportunities for humans in future. John Kelly ll, executive vice president of IBM once said that “Man and Machines working together always beat or make a better decision than a man or a machine independently.”', '\xa0In future, the three sectors of our country like agriculture sector, industrial sector and service sector are going to utilize the machines. So, that their work becomes not difficult. As of now, we can only see that for agriculture purposes various kinds of machines are used which we called as a modern farming method. Some major technologies [machines] that are harvest automation, autonomous tractors, seeding, and weeing and drones. As a result, farms can do agriculture peacefully. In the industrial sector also humans and machines are working together to increase production. Various types of machines are used in industries such as packing machines, loading machine etc. humans provide instructions to the machines and maintain the management in the company. Soon robots [machines] will assist doctors with surgeries. For instance, a doctor at remote location could direct a surgical robot to perform an open heart surgery. But the approaches option and decision will be left to experience and wisdom of the doctor not the robot.', 'What do you think of machines if they will make humans less or more in the field? Machines will push human professionals up the skillset ladder into uniquely human skills such as creativity, social abilities, empathy, and sense-making, which machines cannot automate. As a result, machines will make the workplace more, not less for humans. However, humans have to learn new skills throughout their lives. It is said that in the future 80% of process-oriented tasks will be done by machines. Quantitative reasoning tasks will be done approximately 50% by humans and 50% by machines, while humans will continue to do more than 80% of cross-functional reasoning tasks. According to Harvard research machines, algorithms can read diagnostic scans with 92% accuracy. Humans can do it with 96% accuracy. Together, it will be 99% accurate.', 'Human-machine collaboration enables companies to interact with employees and customers in the novel, more effective ways. Smart machines are helping humans to expand their abilities in three ways. They can amplify our cognitive strengths; interact with customers and employees to free us from higher-level tasks, and embody human skills to extend our physical capabilities. In the research, it was found that 1,500 companies achieve the most significant performance improvement when humans and machines work together. New machine systems have beyond-human cognitive abilities, which many of us fear could potentially dehumanize the future of work. Machines will indeed automate most repetitive and physical tasks, and part of quantitative tasks such as programming and even data science. According to D.E Shaw Group and professor at the University of Washington, explained that, as a result of machines, there will be more demand for existing jobs, and new jobs will be created that are unimaginable today. This is similar to how we couldn’t imagine a web app developer decades ago, and now millions make a living doing that today.', 'Machines are good at doing tasks with speed, precision, and accuracy. But machines are not very good at responding to unknown situations or making judgments. That part will be left to humans. Hence, the need for both humans and machines will be there in the future. Humans and machines have divergent skill sets that, when combined can transform the way we work. Machines have already ', ' every aspect of our lives, and we must learn to live with them. In the future, human workers will interact more closely with humans.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0', '\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:37 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-neural-networks-can-be-applied-in-various-areas-in-the-future/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:38 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-neural-networks-can-be-applied-in-various-areas-in-the-future/>
{'title': 'How neural networks can be applied in various areas in the future?', 'cont': ['Everything You Need to Know About the Future of Neural Networks. Neural networks are arguably the technological development with the most potential currently on the horizon. Through neural networks, we could feasibly handle almost any computational or contemplative task automatically, and someday, with greater processing power than the human brain. For now, neural networks are still in their infancy, but already, they’re an impressive technology responsible for tremendous breakthroughs in everything from speech recognition to medical diagnoses. The question is, where does it go from here?', 'Let’s start by talking about how neural networks, or neural nets, work today in their current form. Neural nets are computer programs that are assembled from thousands to millions of units, each of which is designed to function as an artificial neuron. When being “trained,” a neural network is typically fed information, allowing it to recognize patterns like spotting familiar faces in photos or identifying the correct way to hit a tennis ball. With feedback, neural networks then work to modify the way they processed the problem, “learning” how to do better over long periods of time. When done training, neural nets can solve a wide variety of different problems. They can notice deviations in historical patterns proactively, so you can receive alerts on new events relevant to your business, they can automatically recognize trigger points in a pattern (like picking a face out of a photo or diagnosing a medical condition), and they can perform complex operations without supervision (like when playing a game).', 'There are several key strengths of neural nets that make them a favorite choice of AI developers,', 'Performance on problems with many variables. For a problem with a strict set of rules and requirements, and with constrained inputs, it’s easy for a machine to work out the answer. The go-to example here is a calculator; the rules of mathematics are never broken, and are relatively simple to follow. Input two variables (and two real numbers), and you can get their sum easily. But identifying speech patterns or diagnosing illnesses require far more variables; machines need to “understand” not only what they’re looking for, but how it’s differentiated from the noise, and how it might be influenced in different ways. Neural nets are ridiculously good at solving these big problems—sometimes even better than humans.', 'Feature engineering. Neural nets are also incredibly good at figuring out the correct features to ascribe to a problem, known as feature engineering. Let’s say you’re trying to teach an algorithm how to play (and win) a game of Go, the way Google did. Go is a game with practically limitless move possibilities and no clear way of determining whether a move is “good” or “bad” (especially in the early game). For the machine to learn effectively, it must be able to learn how to identify what makes a move more or less likely to get the machine closer to victory. Neural nets can do this; they can create new categories for consideration, and apply them to their work. Applicability. Neural nets also have the power of flexibility. Once established, they can be applied to almost anything, whether it’s helping people spot the issues interfering with their productivity or improving air traffic patterns for smoother flights. The core functionality of a neural net is to learn something efficiently, so if you have a system that can learn to recognize patterns, it could feasibly recognize patterns in almost any domain.', 'They said that some key weaknesses prevent neural nets from seeing full-range applications: Data requirements. For starters, all neural nets must go through a “learning” period where they start to recognize patterns and refine themselves. While we’re able to “teach” machines more efficiently than ever before, there’s still a massive data requirement before those algorithms can start to be effective. Depending on the application, this could take 10,000 discrete sets of data or more. This could substantially increase the time it takes to make a neural net effective or limit possible applications.', 'Expensiveness. Neural nets are also expensive and time-consuming to develop. The computational processes needed to handle all those variables and all those incoming sets of data demand CPU and GPU power beyond the scope of a normal system. This makes it a discouraging endeavor for some engineers, and drives up the price of a functional system, making it harder to use for your intended purposes. Difficulty and blindness. As you might imagine, the realities of developing a neural net are much more in-depth and complicated than can be implied with a simple, overarching definition. It’s incredibly hard to learn how to develop a neural net, and many engineers who begin the journey eventually drop out of the running. On top of that, because of the intricacies of neural nets, we often don’t have transparency to see how our algorithms are coming to their conclusions; we can determine whether their findings are accurate, but we can’t see exactly how they came to those answers, which makes it even more mystifying—even to professionals.', 'Long-term potential. Neural nets have already been responsible for significant advancements in the realm of AI, but in terms of long-term potential, they may not have as much power as other possibilities, like kernel methods, or even classical AI. There’s a hard limit to how efficient or complicated neural nets can get, and that upper limit is discouraging to many researchers.', 'With all those strengths fueling the future of neural nets and all those weaknesses complicating things, what could the future hold for this incredible technology? Integration. The weaknesses of neural nets could easily be compensated if we could integrate them with complementary technology, like symbolic functions. The hard part would be finding a way to have these systems work together to produce a common result—and engineers are already working on it.', '. Everything has the potential to be scaled up in terms of power and complexity. With technological advancements, we can make CPUs and GPUs cheaper and/or faster, enabling the production of bigger, more efficient algorithms. We can also design neural nets capable of processing more data, or processing data faster, so it may learn to recognize patterns with just 1,000 examples, instead of 10,000. Unfortunately, there may be an upper limit to how advanced we can get in these areas—but we haven’t reached that limit yet, so we’ll likely strive for it in the near future.', '. Rather than advancing vertically, in terms of faster processing power and more sheer complexity, neural nets could (and likely will) also expand horizontally, being applied to more diverse applications. Hundreds of industries could feasibly use neural nets to operate more efficiently, target new audiences, develop new products, or improve consumer safety—yet it’s criminally underutilized. Wider acceptance, wider availability, and more creativity from engineers and marketers have the potential to apply neural nets to more applications.', '. Technological optimists have enjoyed professing the glorious future of neural nets, but they may not be the dominant form of AI or complex problem solving for much longer. Several years from now, the hard limits and key weaknesses of neural nets may stop them from being pursued. Instead, developers and consumers may gravitate toward some new approach—provided one becomes accessible enough, with enough potential to make it a worthy successor.', 'Regardless of what your business goals are, there’s a good chance neural nets will be able to help you achieve them—if not now, then in the very near future. Despite the shortage of developers, companies and engineers are working constantly to refine their neural net efforts, which means we’re in store for a “golden age” of neural networks (at least temporarily). It’s hard to say whether neural net development will continue indefinitely or whether some new, more efficient technology will take its place, but either way, this breakthrough in the field of AI deserves your attention', 'Many big tech companies today are receiving tons of data from their users, and when it comes down to profit and power or the greater good of society, it’s human nature to go for the former instead, especially if you’re in a position to choose. We live in times where our attention is being capitalized constantly. We must live smarter and act rationally to prevent surrendering our lives over to these short bursts of dopamine and expedient and trivial acts.', 'We can only hope that as we progress into the upcoming decades, the people who are in control of the decisions that these companies make will be for the betterment of society and civilization as a whole. And that our data will be for building systems that serve us, make us more productive, and instead of looking for ways to grab our attention, build products that can provide value and meaning to our lives.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:38 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-machine-learning-will-affect-your-business/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:38 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-machine-learning-will-affect-your-business/>
{'title': 'How machine learning will affect your business?', 'cont': ['Machine learning techniques may have been used for years, but recently there has been an explosion in their applications. In fact, in a recent Q3 earnings call, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said “Machine learning is a core, transformative way by which we’re re-thinking how we’re doing everything.” And they’re far from the only business making that claim.', 'In the past, successful use of machine learning algorithms required bespoke algorithms and huge R&D budgets, but all that is changing. IBM Watson, Microsoft Azure, Amazon, and Alibaba all launched turnkey cloud-based machine-learning SaaS solutions in 2015. At the same time startups like Idibon, MetaMind, Dato, and MonkeyLearn have built machine learning products that companies can take advantage of.', 'Gartner already puts machine learning at the top of its hype curve, and no: machine learning won’t replace all of your employees with computers or suddenly double your revenue. But that doesn’t mean that it can’t give every business a competitive advantage. There are plenty of business processes that can significantly benefit from machine learning. So how does machine learning change the way businesses operate?', 'First thing’s first: Machine learning needs training data and training data costs money. Especially training data labeled by humans. Let me explain. To make machine learning work for business, the algorithm needs to see lots and lots of examples of what it’s supposed to be doing. If you want an algorithm to tell you if a sales lead is good, you need to show it lots and lots of examples of good sales leads and bad sales leads. If you want an algorithm to tag the support tickets you need to show it many examples of support tickets. If you localize your algorithm to a new language you probably need to collect lots of examples in that language. In some instances, a company may have those training sets in-house. For example, a bunch of disqualified or qualified leads. But say you haven’t labeled each of your support tickets as they’ve come in over the year. You’d need to have people either in-house or en masse via a data enrichment platform -label those tickets. The machine will then look at those judgments and start finding connections and patterns it can learn from.', 'Machine learning is much cheaper and more efficient than people when it works well. The downside is that it often works well in 80 percent of the cases and badly in 20 percent of the cases, and lowering the 20 percent error rate is hard, if not impossible. But even an 80 percent accurate algorithm can save you a lot of money because good machine learning algorithms know where they are accurate and where they are more likely to have errors. Smart companies take the cases where the algorithm has high confidence and uses those directly while sending low confidence cases to humans. Banks have been doing this for years. When you put a check in an ATM, an algorithm tries to decipher the numbers on the check. If you have really sloppy handwriting or the ink is smudged the algorithm passes the task to a human. This design pattern saves banks lots of money while preserving a very high level of accuracy.', 'A huge benefit of machine learning is that it can turn part of your variable cost into more of a fixed cost. If you use humans to handle cases where that algorithm is struggling, you are creating the perfect training data to feed into your algorithm. This is a well-studied technique called active learning it turns out that training data labels collected on cases where the algorithm has low confidence help the algorithm learn much, much more efficiently.', 'As the algorithm becomes increasingly more accurate, the unit economics of your business process become better and as machine learning becomes able to handle more cases, the expensive humans are only called in on the toughest, rarest situations. That means you use the best of both human and machine intelligence in tandem: leveraging the speed and reliability of computers for the easy judgments and the fluency and expertise of humans for the difficult ones. And if that sounds like smart business, it’s because it is.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:38 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/deep-learning-impact-on-areas-of-e-learning/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:38 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/deep-learning-impact-on-areas-of-e-learning/>
{'title': 'Deep learning impact on areas of e-learning?', 'cont': ['eLearning as technology becomes more affordable in higher education but having a big barrier in the cost of developing its resources. Deep learning using artificial intelligence continues to become more and more popular and having impacts on many areas of eLearning. It offers online learners of the future intuitive algorithms and automated delivery of eLearning content through modern LMS platforms. This paper aims to survey various applications of deep learning approaches for developing the resources of the eLearning platform, in which predictions, algorithms, and analytics come together to create more personalized future eLearning experiences. In addition, deep learning models for developing the contents of the eLearning platform, deep learning framework that enable deep learning systems into eLearning and its development, benefits & future trends of deep learning in eLearning, the relevant deep learning-based artificial intelligence tools, and a platform enabling the developer and learners to quickly reuse resources are clearly summarized. Thus, deep learning has evolved into developing ways to re-purpose existing resources that can mitigate the expense of content development of future eLearning.', 'It is natural to wonder where you might get AI tools to avoid the time and expense of developing your own. Don’t worry about the advert of AIaaS or “AI as a Service” even small education or learning & development professionals can purchase the license of AI tools and components. However, such types of tools cannot be useful for every e-learning ecosystem but may offer some enticing benefits such as adding standard AI tasks (logic, decision making) to your toolbox. Here are some of the AIaaS tools and platforms offered by famous tech giants most of which are cloud-based.', 'Cloud-based AI services that can be used to build and manage AI applications like image recognition or bot-based apps', 'Cloud-based AI services that can be integrated into your applications; to store and manage your own data', '\xa0An end-to-end open-source machine learning platform', 'Offers a wide range of products and services on Amazon’s cloud', 'There are other AIaaS platforms such as DataRobot, Petuum, and H2O which shows that the field is expanding.AI will probably not make human workers obsolete, at least not for a long time To put some of your fears to bed: the robots are probably not coming for your jobs, at least not yet. Given how artificial intelligence has been portrayed in the media, in particular in some of our favorite sci-fi movies, it’s clear that the advent of this technology has created fear that AI will one day make human beings obsolete in the workforce. After all, as technology has advanced, many tasks that were once executed by human hands have become automated. It’s only natural to fear that the leap toward creating intelligent computers could herald the beginning of the end of work as we know it. But, I don’t think there is any reason to be so fatalistic. A recent paper published by the MIT Task Force on the Work of the Future entitled “Artificial Intelligence And The Future of Work,” looked closely at developments in AI and their relation to the world of work. The paper paints a more optimistic picture.', 'Rather than promoting the obsolescence of human labor, the paper predicts that AI will continue to drive massive innovation that will fuel many existing industries and could have the potential to create many new sectors for growth, ultimately leading to the creation of more jobs. While AI has made major strides toward replicating the efficacy of human intelligence in executing certain tasks, there are still major limitations. In particular, AI programs are typically only capable of “specialized” intelligence, meaning they can solve only one problem, and execute only one task at a time. Often, they can be rigid, and unable to respond to any changes in input, or perform any “thinking” outside of their prescribed programming. Humans, however, possess “generalized intelligence,” with the kind of problem-solving, abstract thinking, and critical judgment that will continue to be important in business. Human judgment will be relevant, if not in every task, then certainly throughout every level across all sectors. There are many other factors that could limit runaway advancement in AI. AI often requires “learning” which can involve massive amounts of data, calling into question the availability of the right kind of data, and highlighting the need for categorization and issues of privacy and security around such data. There is also the limitation of computation and processing power. The cost of electricity alone to power one supercharged language model AI was estimated at $4.6 million. Another important limitation of note is that data can itself carry bias, and be reflective of societal inequities or the implicit biases of the designers who create and input the data. If there is bias in the data that is inputted into an AI, this bias is likely to carry over to the results generated by the AI.', 'There has even been a bill introduced into Congress entitled the Algorithmic Accountability Act with the goal of forcing the Federal Trade Commission to investigate the use of any new AI technology for the potential to perpetuate bias. Based on these factors and many others, the MIT CCI paper argues that we are a long way from reaching a point in which AI is comparable to human intelligence, and could theoretically replace human workers entirely.\xa0 Provided there is an investment at all levels, from education to the private sector and governmental organizations—anywhere that focuses on training and upskilling workers—AI has the potential to ultimately create more jobs, not less. The question should then become not “humans or computers” but “humans and computers” involved in complex systems that advance industry and prosperity. This paper is a fascinating read for anyone hoping to dive deeper into AI and the many potential directions in which it may lead.AI Is becoming standard in all businesses, not just in the world of tech A couple of times recently, AI has come up in conversation with a client or an associate, and I’m noticing a fallacy in how people are thinking about it. There seems to be a sense for many that it is a phenomenon that is only likely to have big impacts in the tech world. In case you hadn’t noticed, the tech world is the world these days. Don’t ever forget when economist Paul Krugman said in 1998 that “By 2005 or so, it will become clear that the Internet’s impact on the economy has been no greater than the fax machine’s.” You definitely don’t want to be behind the curve when it comes to AI. \xa0In fact, 90% of leading businesses already have ongoing investments in AI technologies. More than half of businesses that have implemented some manner of AI-driven technology report experiencing greater productivity. AI is likely to have a strong impact on certain sectors in particular:', 'The potential benefits of utilizing AI in the field of medicine are already being explored. The medical industry has a robust amount of data, which can be utilized to create predictive models related to healthcare. Additionally, AI has shown to be more effective than physicians in certain diagnostic contexts.', 'We’re already seeing how AI is impacting the world of transportation and automobiles with the advent of autonomous vehicles and autonomous navigation. AI will also have a major impact on manufacturing, including within the automotive sector.', 'Cybersecurity is front of mind for many business leaders, especially considering the spike in cybersecurity breaches throughout 2020. Attacks rose 600% during the pandemic as hackers capitalized on people working from home, on less secure technological systems, and Wi-Fi networks. AI and machine learning will be critical tools in identifying and predicting threats in cybersecurity. AI will also be a crucial asset for security in the world of finance, given that it can process large amounts of data to predict and catch instances of fraud.', 'AI will play a pivotal role in e-commerce in the future, in every sector of the industry from user experience to marketing to fulfillment and distribution. We can expect that moving forward, AI will continue to drive e-commerce, including through the use of chat-bots, shopper personalization, image-based targeting advertising, and warehouse and inventory automation.', 'AI can have a big impact on the job search', 'If you are moving forward with the hope that a hiring manager may give you the benefit of the doubt on a small misstep within the application, you might be in for a rude awakening. AI already plays a major role in the hiring process, so much so that up to 75% of resumes are rejected by an automated applicant tracking system, or ATS before they even reach a human being.\xa0 In the past, recruiters have had to devote considerable time to poring over resumes to look for relevant candidates. Data from LinkedIn shows that recruiters can spend up to 23 hours looking over resumes for one successful hire.', 'Increasingly, however, resume scanning is being done by AI-powered programs. In 2018, 67% of hiring managers stated that AI was making their jobs easier. Despite the increasing prevalence of automation and algorithms in the hiring process, many have been critical of the use of certain types of AI by hiring managers, based on the charge that it can perpetuate and ever create more bias in hiring. One particular example is illustrated by HireVue, a startup whose initial services included technology that aimed to use facial recognition software and psychology to determine the potential effectiveness of a candidate in a certain role. The Electronic Privacy Information Center filed a lawsuit with the Federal Trade Commission alleging that this software had the potential to perpetuate bias and prejudice. HireVue discontinued the use of facial recognition software in early 2021, and now uses audio analysis and natural language processing. It’s clear that the use of certain types of AI in the hiring process will likely be controversial as new technology develops. However, if potential employers are using AI to process your application, there is no reason that you cannot be utilizing similar technology to your advantage.', 'Jobscan is an excellent resource that provides similar resume scanning to what would be used by a hiring manager. By comparing your resume to a job description, Jobscan will give you information on how to tweak your resume so that it is a good match for a certain position, with the goal of “beating” an applicant tracking system (ATS).', 'Jobseer is a browser add-on, and another great AI-based tool for those on the job market. Based on a scan of your resume, as well as keywords and skills related to your desired jobs, Jobseer will help match you with the job listings that best fit your experience. For each listing, you get a rating based on how well you are aligned with the particular posting, as well as recommendations of skills to add to better position your resume and experience.', 'Rezi: Now, as a disclaimer, I would never encourage you to turn your resume writing over to a bot. But Rezi is an awesome AI-based resume builder that includes templates to help you design a resume that is sure to check the boxes when it comes to applicant tracking systems. This is a great jumping-off point to kickstart a new resume.\xa0 Another great way to use this type of tool is to generate a new resume and compare it to your current resume to see how it stacks up, and identify some areas for improvement. AI is also a great place to focus your energy if you are looking to upskill in your career, or make your professional profile more competitive in the job market, especially when you consider that AI will have such far-reaching impacts across many industries.AI and machine learning are at the top of many lists of the most important skills in today’s job market. Jobs requesting AI or machine-learning skills are expected to increase by 71% in the next five years. If you’d like to expand your knowledge base in this arena, consider some of the great free online course offerings that focus on AI skills. If you are tech-savvy, it would be wise to dive deep and learn as much as you can about interacting in the AI space. If your skills lie elsewhere, it is important to recognize that AI will have a big impact, and to the extent of your abilities, you should try to understand the fundamentals of how it functions in different sectors. AI is definitely here to stay, whether we like it or not. Personally, I don’t think we have anything to be afraid of. The best way to move forward is to be aware of and adapt to the new technology around us, AI included. This article was updated on April 16, 2021, to reflect changes in HireVue’s assessment tools.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:38 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-protect-future-data-and-its-privacy-blackcoffer/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-protect-future-data-and-its-privacy-blackcoffer/>
{'title': 'How to protect future data and its privacy?', 'cont': ['Before the internet, information was in some ways restricted and more centralized. The only mediums of information were books, newspapers, and word of mouth, etc. But now with the advent of the internet and improvements to computer technology (Moore’s Law), information and data skyrocketed, and it has become this open-system, where information can be distributed to people without any kind of limits.', 'Various publicly available tools have taken the rocket science out of encrypting (and decrypting) email and files. Data encryption isn’t just for technology geeks; modern tools make it possible for anyone to encrypt emails and other information. “Encryption used to be the sole province of geeks and mathematicians, but a lot has changed in recent years. In particular, various publicly available tools have taken the rocket science out of encrypting (and decrypting) email and files. GPG for Mail, for example, is an open-source plug-in for the Apple Mail program that makes it easy to encrypt, decrypt, sign and verify emails using the OpenPGP standard. And for protecting files, newer versions of Apple’s OS X operating system come with FileVault, a program that encrypts the hard drive of a computer. Those running Microsoft Windows have a similar program. This software will scramble your data, but won’t protect you from government authorities demanding your encryption key under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (2000), which is why some aficionados recommend TrueCrypt, a program with some very interesting facilities, which might have been useful to David Miranda,” explains John Naughton in an article for The Guardian.', 'One of the most basic, yet often overlooked, data protection tips is backing up your data. Basically, this creates a duplicate copy of your data so that if a device is lost, stolen, or compromised, you don’t also lose your important information. As the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and insurance company Nationwide points out, “According to Nationwide, 68% of small businesses don’t have a disaster recovery plan. The problem with this is the longer it takes you to restore your data, the more money you’ll lose. Gartner found that this downtime can cost companies as much as $300,000 an hour.” ', 'While you should use sound security practices when you’re making use of the cloud, it can provide an ideal solution for backing up your data. Since data is not stored on a local device, it’s easily accessible even when your hardware becomes compromised. “Cloud storage, where data is kept offsite by a provider, is a guarantee of adequate disaster recovery,” according to this post on TechRadar. Twitter: @techradar', 'Scammers are sneaky: sometimes malware is cleverly disguised as an email from a friend or a useful website. Malware is a serious issue plaguing many computer users, and it’s known for cropping up in inconspicuous places, unbeknownst to users. Anti-malware protection is essential for laying a foundation of security for your devices. “Malware (short for malicious software) is software designed to infiltrate or damage a computer without your consent. Malware includes computer viruses, worms, trojan horses, spyware, scareware, and more. It can be present on websites and emails or hidden in downloadable files, photos, videos, freeware, or shareware. (However, it should be noted that most websites, shareware, or freeware applications do not come with malware.) The best way to avoid getting infected is to run a good anti-virus protection program, do periodic scans for spyware, avoid clicking on suspicious email links or websites. But scammers are sneaky: sometimes malware is cleverly disguised as an email from a friend or a useful website. Even the most cautious of web-surfers will likely pick up an infection at some point.,” explains Clark Howard. Twitter: @ClarkHoward', 'Much information can be gleaned through old computing devices, but you can protect your personal data by making hard drives unreadable before disposing of them. “Make old computers’ hard drives unreadable. After you back up your data and transfer the files elsewhere, you should sanitize by disk shredding, magnetically cleaning the disk, or using software to wipe the disk clean. Destroy old computer disks and backup tapes,” according to the Florida Office of the Attorney General. Twitter: @AGPamBondi', 'Operating system updates are a gigantic pain for users; it’s the honest truth. But they’re a necessary evil, as these updates contain critical security patches that will protect your computer from recently discovered threats. Failing to install these updates means your computer is at risk. “No matter which operating system you use, it’s important that you update it regularly. Windows operating systems are typically updated at least monthly, typically on so-called ‘Patch Tuesday.’ Other operating systems may not be updated quite as frequently or on a regular schedule. It’s best to set your operating system to update automatically. The method for doing so will vary depending upon your particular operating system,” says PrivacyRights.org. Twitter: @PrivacyToday', 'Many software programs will automatically connect and update to defend against known risks.', 'In order to ensure that you’re downloading the latest security updates from operating systems and other software, enable automatic updates. “Many software programs will automatically connect and update to defend against known risks. Turn on automatic updates if that’s an available option,” suggests StaySafeOnline.org. Twitter: @StaySafeOnline', 'A valuable tip for both small business owners and individuals or families, it’s always recommended to secure your wireless network with a password. This prevents unauthorized individuals within proximity to hijack your wireless network. Even if they’re merely attempting to get free Wi-Fi access, you don’t want to inadvertently share private information with other people who are using your network without permission. “If you have a Wi-Fi network for your workplace, make sure it is secure, encrypted, and hidden. To hide your Wi-Fi network, set up your wireless access point or router so it does not broadcast the network name, known as the Service Set Identifier (SSID). Password protect access to the router,” says FCC.gov in an article offering data protection tips for small businesses. Twitter: @FCC', 'When you’re finished using your computer or laptop, power it off. Leaving computing devices on, and most often, connected to the Internet, opens the door for rogue attacks. “Leaving your computer connected to the Internet when it’s not in use gives scammers 24/7 access to install malware and commit cybercrimes. To be safe, turn off your computer when it’s not in use,” suggests CSID, a division of Experian. Twitter: @ExperianPS_NA', 'Firewalls assist in blocking dangerous programs, viruses, or spyware before they infiltrate your system.”Firewalls assist in blocking dangerous programs, viruses, or spyware before they infiltrate your system. Various software companies offer firewall protection, but hardware-based firewalls, like those frequently built into network routers, provide a better level of security,” says Geek Squad. Twitter: @GeekSquad', 'Indiana University Information Technology recommends following the Principle of Least Privilege (PoLP): “Do not log into a computer with administrator rights unless you must do so to perform specific tasks. Running your computer as an administrator (or as a Power User in Windows) leaves your computer vulnerable to security risks and exploits. Simply visiting an unfamiliar Internet site with these high-privilege accounts can cause extreme damage to your computer, such as reformatting your hard drive, deleting all your files, and creating a new user account with administrative access. When you do need to perform tasks as an administrator, always follow security procedures.” Twitter: @IndianaUniv', 'What’s the difference? “…we recommend you use passphrases–a series of random words or a sentence. The more characters your passphrase has, the stronger it is.\xa0 The advantage is these are much easier to remember and type, but still hard for cyber attackers to hack.” explains SANS. Twitter: @SANSAwareness', 'Encrypt your SIM card in case your phone is ever stolen, or take it out if you are selling your old cell phone. Encrypting your data on your removable storage devices can make it more difficult (albeit not impossible) for criminals to interpret your personal data should your device become lost or stolen. USB drives and SIM cards are excellent examples of removable storage devices that can simply be plugged into another device, enabling the user to access all the data stored on it. Unless, of course, it’s encrypted. “Your USB drive could easily be stolen and put into another computer, where they can steal all of your files and even install malware or viruses onto your flash drive that will infect any computer it is plugged in to. Encrypt your SIM card in case your phone is ever stolen, or take it out if you are selling your old cell phone,” according to Mike Juba in an article on Business2Community. Twitter: @EZSolutionCorp', 'A Post-It note stuck to the outside of your laptop or tablet is “akin to leaving your keys in your car,” says The Ohio State University’s Office of the Chief Information Officer. Likewise, you shouldn’t leave your laptop in your car. It’s a magnet for identity thieves. Twitter: @OhioState', 'If you don’t really need your files to be visible to other machines, disable file and media sharing completely. If you have a home wireless network with multiple devices connected, you might find it convenient to share files between machines. However, there’s no reason to make files publicly available if it’s not necessary. “Make sure that you share some of your folders only on the home network. If you don’t really need your files to be visible to other machines, disable file and media sharing completely,” says Kaspersky. Twitter: @kaspersky', 'HowToGeek offers a series of articles with tips, tricks, and tools for encrypting files or sets of files using various programs and tools. This article covers a method for creating an encrypted volume to easily transport private, sensitive data for access on multiple computers. Twitter: @howtogeeksite', 'Deleting your information on a computing device rarely means it’s truly deleted permanently. Often, this data still exists on disk and can be recovered by someone who knows what they’re doing (such as, say, a savvy criminal determined to find your personal information). The only way to really ensure that your old data is gone forever is to overwrite it. Luckily, there are tools to streamline this process. PCWorld covers a tool and process for overwriting old data on Windows operating systems. Twitter: @pcworld', 'If you back up your files to the cloud, remember that even though you delete them on your computer or mobile device, they’re still stored in your cloud account. If you’re diligent about backing up your data and use a secure cloud storage service to do so, you’re headed in the right direction. That said, cloud backups, and any data backups really, create an added step when it comes to deleting old information. Don’t forget to delete files from your backup services in addition to those you remove (or overwrite) on your local devices. “If you back up your files to the cloud, remember that even though you delete them on your computer or mobile device, they’re still stored in your cloud account. To completely delete the file, you’ll also need to remove it from your backup cloud account,” says re/code. Twitter: @Recode']}
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-machines-ai-automations-and-robo-human-are-effective-in-finance-and-banking/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-machines-ai-automations-and-robo-human-are-effective-in-finance-and-banking/>
{'title': 'How Machines, AI, Automations, and Robo-human are Effective in Finance and Banking?', 'cont': ['We all hear day in and day out that we amidst a ', '. But do we know what this really means?', 'Before we understand how its going to impact us, let us first discuss what these terms really mean.', 'A technological revolution simply means that we are in a period where better and newer technologies replace the others to get the job done faster and better. We are in an era with rapid innovations where machines are being compared to humans.', ' is basically the application of artificial intelligence into electronic systems to enable them to learn and enhance themselves without being programmed by humans. It is the evolution and development of computer programs that can access data and then use it to advance themselves. Whether you know it or not, you use machine learning-powered applications daily.', 'At its simplest form, ', ' is a field, which combines computer science and robust datasets, to enable problem-solving.\xa0', 'In simple words, Artificial Intelligence is the technology that facilitates these machines to perform human like behaviour.', 'Just like every other industry, machine learning is playing its role in the finance and banking industry too. In most cases where a human would perform the same task by performing the same calculations or following the same process can be taught to the machine which can now perform it by itself.', 'Let us discuss a few examples of the applications that we might have come in our day to day running which are a result of machine learning in this industry:', 'In earlier days, an investor would need to consult a financial advisor to understand his/her risk appetite and advise accordingly. Today, using machine learning algorithms there exists the concept of a ', ' that requires any user to give certain inputs about their financial status and goals and calculates their risk tolerance and constructs and idle portfolio allocation for them. Young users today find this extremely useful rather than physically visiting an advisor and paying a fee for doing so.', 'Underwriting is one of the core functions for most financial institutions especially banks and insurance companies where they are required to underwrite the risk of the customers before loaning out money or insurance policies. These underwriting activities are based on trends and thumb rules industrywide. The same has been introduced through machine learning which is able to underwrite risks today on a larger and more accurate scale.', 'Machine learning is a mathematical model that tracks market information, analyses massive data sources and study market conditions simultaneously to detect patterns which can be used for trading. This is humanly impossible to do in a fraction of time. Algorithmic systems can make millions of trades daily, often known as “high-frequency trading”. It is highly believed that deep learning is playing its role in calibrating real-time trading decisions.', 'With the increase in use and dependency on computers for financial transactions came the data security risk. There is an ample amount of valuable data stored online available to create potential risk. Machine learning thus helped in fraud detection by detecting anomalies in transactions and flagging them for scrutiny based on the risk factors defined by the institutions. Fraud identification in insurance claims, credit card payments, identity theft, account theft, are all areas in fraud detection that machine learning can help in.', 'Process automation is one of the most common applications of machine learning in finance. The technology has helped in replacing manual work, automate repetitive tasks to avoid redundancy, and as a result, increase productivity. Machine learning has benefitted these organizations to optimize costs, improve customer experiences, and scale up their services. Some examples of financial and banking firms using process automation are the use of chatbots, automated calls, paperwork automation, and gamified employee training.', 'In this highly competitive industry, customer acquisition and the customer onboarding process is highly relevant in building a good customer relationship. At any stage, during the onboarding, a slight inconvenience or delay can act as a barrier. Machine learning-enabled complete automation in this process for these financial and banking institutions. Today, from opening an account, filing for any application can be completed within a few minutes with utmost ease. With AI, customers’ behavioral patterns have been studied to improvise and make the whole process efficient and user-friendly.', 'With the multitude of offerings and availability of a plethora of options, customer stickiness is a big problem faced by financial firms. Customer churn forecasting is one of the best big data use cases. It helps in detecting customers who cancel their subscription and analyses the same to tailor products as per customer needs. Video streaming application, Netflix’s subscribers worldwide has continued to grow to reach 167 million through using machine learning analytics on their customer database.', 'Financial and banking institutions function on facilitating investments made by their customers. Organizations are constantly in search of customers from whom they can get more revenue. This is now possible through performing machine learning analysis on both structured and unstructured data which helps them make more informed decisions. It also analyses data from the website and mobile application to construct effective marketing campaigns for the targeted customers.', 'Financial monitoring, security analysis, prevention of money laundering, network security, investment predictions, personalization of customer service everything comes under the realm of the applications of machine learning in the financial and banking industry. Yet, this is just the tip of the iceberg, there is a lot more that is going to change in the future. It is now visibly imperative that while AI is beginning to create a wave of transformation across these industries and adapting to these changes s important for one’s survival. With smart technology applied everywhere, all financial firms are bound to turn into FinTech’s to stay relevant to the ', ' consisting of millennials and the GenZs.', 'The financial services industry has entered the space of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and the pace is not surprising knowing the positive changes it has brought. Machine learning has the most use cases in finance than any other industry because of the available computer power and new machine learning tools. The greatest applications include simplifying customer engagement and accurate sales forecasting. It is only making this industry better and more efficient with each new adaptation. Machine learning algorithms have the capability to deal with a lot more than human capacity along with eliminating human error. As even the algorithms are constantly learning and innovating, they can serve as a bridge to a completely flawless automated financial system in the future. Nonetheless, the challenges of high cost and lack of resources that come along play a significant role in how early these firms can adopt these technologies. But even then, the future seems bright as the industry has enough adopters and prospects ready to explore.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-human-robotics-machine-future-planet-blackcoffer-thinking-jobs-workplace/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-human-robotics-machine-future-planet-blackcoffer-thinking-jobs-workplace/>
{'title': 'How Robo Human will Impact the Future?', 'cont': ['It’s the year 2060. An automaton in a Research Laboratory says to a Scientist, “Warning! Error Occurred Reformatting Hard Disk Now!” The scientist panics. Automaton says again,” Ha! Ha! Just Kidding! “.', 'Funny Right. Before some of you say that this joke isn’t realistic, “How can an Automaton tell you a joke?” But what if I tell you in 2017, “Sofia” the robot made a joke on the show Good Morning Britain! Who thought computers could tell us a joke? Hard to believe? Well, the idea of giving computers human-enjoy thinking has now become a reality. Thanks to the technological advancement in AI in the last decade.', 'Before diving deep into how AI can impact the future of work, let’s begin with the simple question: what’s AI? Artificial Intelligence provides machines the power to think from data. The machine uses the patterns and trends found in data and makes its decision, but cannot create thought beyond these patterns and trends.', 'With the rise of AI, humans are divided into one question. Are machines human’s friend or foe? Tech executives and politicians on conference stages, campaign rallies, and even science fiction Hollywood movies like Carbon Black, Westworld, Minority Report, and Ex Machina have given their take on this question. Some believe AI will help us solve problems while others believe that the rise of AI will result in destruction and maybe the end of the world, we all know.', 'Stephen Hawking made it no secret of his concern about the rise of superhuman AI that eventually would escape earth to a new planet. No, this isn’t a plot of Black Mirror. Right now, Superhumans may not be a reality, but AI is.', '“Homo Deus”, the emergence of the new Digital God using AI. God must also worry, as AI might take his job.', 'Here’s some Career Advice, have you thought about being a Robot? The fear that AI would automate all jobs in the future eventually leaving all humans jobless has been daunting for many workers today. Statistics show that nearly 37% of workers worry about losing their jobs to robots. While another thought that many people believe is that though the rise of AI with result in automating most of the jobs in the future, however, it also will create millions of new job opportunities.', 'AI is already replacing most manual and repetitive tasks. For example, buying a metro ticket or a movie ticket is now almost a human-less interaction. Each year the number of industrial robot jobs increases by 14 %. At this rate, it’s predicted that the 20 million jobs in the manufacturing industry will be replaced by robots due to automation.', 'The coronavirus pandemic and recession have boosted the demand for automation. The Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Software industry has experienced an increase of 19.53% in the year 2021. Coronavirus pandemic has increased interest in technology that reduces human contact as minimal for making workplaces safe.', 'Our workplaces will look much different in the next five to ten years. AI will help humans in simplifying repetitive processes. The two most important catalysts for the future of work are the two D’s- Digitization and Datafication. Digitalization is converting data to digital formats (computer-readable). For example, text to Html, analog video to YouTube video. Digitization helps in increasing data exponentially. Datafication is quantifying human life to data and improving the data-driven business model. By 2025, it is forecasted that the digital transformation space will build in a $3,294 billion industry!', 'One thing is clear, no data, no future of work. What we find is that the future of data and the future of work will go hand in hand. The total volume of data in the datasphere that is created, captured, copied, and consumed in the world is predicted to reach 175 zettabytes by 2025. To give you a much better picture for understanding, if we represent the digital universe as stacks of tablets, there would be 27.25 stacks from earth to the moon.', 'It’s time to prepare for the data-dominated future as Industry 4.0/Fourth Industrial Revolution has begun. So, let’s see how artificial intelligence will affect the following fields:', 'Human Resource: Nowadays, recruiters use AI-powered tools for hiring workers. Using these tools, recruiters get insights into a candidate’s skills, personality and even check whether the candidate is fit for the organization. For example, the company AllyO first identifies high-potential candidates through assessment and smart screening, and then automatically schedules interviews using AI. HR departments at large companies receive hundreds of resumes for a job opening. Entry-level roles focusing on screening and scheduling will be automated. AI will automate specific HR jobs, not HR roles. A Deloitte study found that AI has already eliminated 800,000 low-skilled jobs in the UK, but 3.5 million new jobs were also created. Roles that focus on complex decisions like resolving disputes within a department will continue to be a very human endeavor.', 'Finance and Accounting: In 2015, a report from Accenture named “Finance 2020: death by digital” predicted that 40 percent of transactional accounting work would be automated by 2020. Has technology replaced the human factor? Well, AI has created new jobs involving managing the AI system and using the information to create insights. For example, accounting software has already automated bookkeeping tasks that used to be done by humans, but that’s only opened the door for former bookkeepers to learn skills needed to run and manage the software for employers and clients. Advisors are another crucial role of the accounting and finance team. Using the information gained from transactions in books, the team creates insights to improve business strategy. Owing to automation, the team spends more time analyzing numbers.', 'Marketing and Sales: Marketing automation has helped companies strategize the proper utilization of the company’s resources, managing time, and achieving budget targets. Marketing automation has helped to draw conclusions at a scale no marketer ever would. In this process, marketers and machines both excel in different parts. Marketers using AI tools drive more conversions in less time. Human Intelligence with technology can help identify the right customers to talk to and at the right time. Modern Marketers understand the insights from any marketing campaign and create it into effective messaging.', 'Engineering: Technology is changing in a blink of an eye. The technologies used five years ago in the industry have become obsolete today. Engineers will have to keep up with the technological advancements and keep upgrading their skills to stay relevant in the industry. Learning to work alongside machines and designing work such that interaction better humans and machines are better are going to be important skills for engineers in the future.', 'In the 18th and 19th centuries, the rise of the industrial revolution centuries led to millions of people losing their jobs because of scientific advancements. But that also ended in creating millions of other jobs. Statisticians have said, when automation destroys jobs, people find new ones. Thus, AI holds a more optimistic picture for the future.', 'In the future, AI is not going to replace humans, rather make jobs more humane. AI will disrupt millions of middle and entry-level jobs in the next few years but will also create millions of additional jobs and help to boost economies.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-ai-will-change-the-world-blackcoffer/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:39 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-ai-will-change-the-world-blackcoffer/>
{'title': 'How AI will change the World?', 'cont': ['The way work is being done now is destined to undergo massive transformational changes which will impact humans and their ways of working dramatically. With the development of the new machine programs, A.I. is all set to take over the humans in their workplace as no other did. Now we are not only in competition with other beings but with robots too. And robots will overcome us in our fields of work.', 'At present we are being surrounded by A.I. from dusk till dawn, from facial recognition present in our mobile application to dating websites/applications which uses decision making as their algorithms and learn from the past data as well. It is believed that A.I. has grown over 270% over the last years.', 'First, let us know what A.I. is and all the fuss going on about it?', 'A.I. as defined by the internet is simply ‘simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions’. This translates to, it can work as a human being just at fast speed and with 100% accuracy.', 'In my definition I would define A.I. as the god form of human beings.', 'Now the question that arises is, what does A.I. entails for the future?', 'A.I. is fancy enough to continue existing in our minds all the time, but it does come with certain limitations and threats which is a cause for a peaceful sleep for most of the workers. With its introduction to different areas of the workplace, it is clear that half of the human jobs would be taken up by A.I. and then there would arise a need for more jobs for humans in new upcoming AI-based ventures in different industries. Thereby giving us our fair share back to us.', 'In a survey, it was found that some believed that AI will be devastating for humans and while some professionals and tech-savvy people believed that inculcating AI technology into business and our daily lives would be a remarkable step as it will lead to the flourishment of business in the future and give them a competitive edge over their rivals.', 'People believed that when these advanced technologies would come together to work with humans, they will produce a smarter strategic decision with productive collaborative practices. More modern technology prevailing in the organization will lead to stress reduction and produce more satisfying results thereby making the organization more efficient.', 'The Organizations who are in use of the AI technology responds by saying that their managers are more comfortable using A.I. and are accustomed to it and the organizations are now looking forward to having integration of higher-end technology systems, as it is believed that new technology will result in more productivity thereby making more profits in the long run.', 'Many jobs today require AI and humans working in collaboration, which creates a positive signal that in the future to humans would be working closely with the technology. Beyond just training and developing these machines, humans would be working in close vicinity with them and making decisions on how to act on the result that is given by the machine.', 'It can be said that both the AI advanced technology and human can’t remain in the workforce without each other, as the technology will produce accurate and top-notch results but it requires someone to make delivery.', 'e.g., in a firm, an AI-based system produces results based on historical data but there is a need for someone to analyze and communicate and present this data to the respective stakeholders whether inside or outside of the organization.', 'Various uses of artificial intelligence technology in day-to-day functions in regards to interactions with humans are:', 'Artificial intelligence as we know works on algorithms, neural networks, and deep learning which all are analytical tools that help AI in taking analytical decisions based on the data provided.', 'Whereas, humans on the other hand take higher-level decisions based on ‘Intuition’ sometimes, which refers to the gut feeling that generates in humans concerning any situation or challenge.', 'AI alone can’t work to handle critical situations on its own as it needs humans for it to reciprocate them and share the information with stakeholders, and humans alone can’t anticipate much on the accurate and fast-paced analytical solutions to the problems persisting in place of the situation.', 'The strength of humans and AI working in synergy can be surprisingly beneficial and advantageous to organizations.', 'It is believed that machines in the future would be eating up our traditional jobs. But the reality seems to be turning otherwise.', 'The future trend shows that in future the AI-powered technology would take up jobs that were being done by humans but in return would produce more jobs that would require human interference with them. As and when the newer technology is approaching more and more countries are now proceeding towards GIG Economies, and so in the future, we can witness an increase in freelance jobs and the permanent labor market norms could reduce drastically.', 'Some of the jobs today will be replaced by AI which is in the transportation or retail commerce sector that can be 100% automated in the future years. There is an ‘Amazon Go’ store that uses this technology which goes by the name ‘Just walk out technology’ wherein there is no need for any human-induced workforce and all the operations are carried out by AI-powered technologies, which is indeed a breakthrough technology in today’s world.', 'Rather than eating up our jobs AI in return will be creating more jobs in the future by creating massive innovations thereby fueling up many new industries and thereby giving us our fair share of jobs back.', 'There will be a lot of demand placed on the upcoming young workforce which is also categorized as ‘Gen Z’. They are expected to know more about technology and would be high in demand. \xa0These young generations are required to learn new skills which are needed to survive in the dynamic changing environment, and as most of the activities that are carried out by workers will be automated, there will be demand for people working in the back office and maintaining and developing the technology to its best versions. \xa0', 'AI powered technology has its limitations which makes it a rigid system to hold on to and also which makes it a costly affair at the initial stage. \xa0', 'It was predicted that the cost of electricity to power a supercharged AI model was around $4.6 million. So, this super-powered AI can be purchased only by big fortune firms and thereby creating more value to their net worth.', 'One of the major limitations of AI is that it can contain biased data as the scientists who put in the data can create biasedness and so the resultant output of the same would have a biased report.', 'These machines as do not have neuroscience-based technology in them yet which enables them to carry human emotions to understand complex situations and a creative way out of that, they tend to have a lack of out of box thinking which in the case is rigid in themselves as they are programmed to work on a single task and they cannot perform more than a single task at the same time.', 'It is also believed that there exists no creativity among the computer, no matter it is fast-paced, but they are not intelligent.', 'Businesses and organizations need to understand and anticipate the opportunities that the future holds for them and they need to start training their employees based on today’s dynamic changing technology. While it’s still unclear what does the future holds for us, but the anticipation of it could benefit us in several ways.', 'As we are unclear about what the future looks like, we need to think in probable terms how it could turn out to be and then employ specific training programs for the employees of the organization.', 'The training the employees are needed to be done on a continuous and lifetime basis which means that education won’t be only limited to PG degrees but will be now a lifetime process of learning.', 'As the Covid-19 changed the scenario of the work patterns around the world, we now need to think strategically about the working dynamics of the future and how does it look like compared to the pre-covid and post-covid scenario.', 'Employees will be playing a major role in transforming the organizations and work practices in the upcoming future, so organizations need to select and recruit the best candidates among the pool and then provide them with best practices of the new machines and make proficient in their area of work. Policies need to be developed to hire the best people and then retaining the talent in the organization.', 'There needs to be a continuous scanning of the environment by the organizations to comprehend any new trends and assess them, not all trends will be beneficial for organizations, they must be aware of the prospects and plan for the future systematically and consistently.', 'There lies a possibility in future certain years from now, we could have machines who will have general human intelligence who would be able to answer deep meaningful questions asking ‘Why are the curtains blue?’, would be able to clean cars, play politics and tell jokes to us, and by using deep and machine learning programs their level of intelligence would be beyond mathematical calculations to us. That’s how good machines will be in the future, but to make ourselves competitive with machines, we would need to train ourselves for the impending ambiguous future ahead of us.', 'Humans and machines need to work in synergy to get beneficial and satisfying results for both parties.', 'Machines are indeed going take away many of our jobs, but let me make you sleep peacefully tonight, the machines aren’t arriving until we’re retired. \xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:40 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/future-of-work-how-ai-has-entered-the-workplace/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:40 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/future-of-work-how-ai-has-entered-the-workplace/>
{'title': 'Future of Work: How AI Has Entered the Workplace', 'cont': ['Artificial intelligence and employment are the burning issues nowadays workers need clarity on as we head into the longer term. This article focuses on the various impact of AI on our jobs and explains the benefits of AI in our workplace. That right there must have hit a nerve. However, everything is about to change because this article highlights some of the reasons we should not fear AI.', 'AI is the abbreviation of Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence is often defined as a set of various technologies which will be brought together to permit machines to act with what appears to be human-like levels of intelligence. This includes learning rules required to make certain decisions and reasoning to arrive at certain conclusions, learning from past experiences, and self-correction.', 'Expectations that machines could match humans in terms of general intelligence. By that, we mean machines could have the capability to find out, Reason, and React.', 'Alan Turing develops the Turing Test; a test to determine whether a machine is intelligent.However, it wasn’t for another 60 years or so that any program was deemed to have passed.', 'The first time a computer virus defeats a person’s World Champion during a parlor game.', 'John McCarthy invents the new term ‘Artificial Intelligence’ when he held the primary Academic Conference on the subject of AI.', 'Arthur Samuel‘s machine learning checkers (draughts) program, beat a checkers master.', 'Reinforcement Learning is introduced. This is a kind of programming that uses rewards and punishments to coach a machine to interact with its environment.', 'A research group led by Geoffrey Hinton wins the Image Net competition – this competition requires AI to categorize about 1.2 million images into any of 10,000 different categories. The level of accuracy was adequate to that of the typical human completing an equivalent task manually.', 'Eugene Goostman’s chatbot, a bot pretending to be a 13-year-old boy, supposedly passes the Turing Test, a test which nobody has passed before! But controversy arose with this claim as:', '1. Experts claim it only lasted five minutes.', '2. It had been deemed biased as Eugene’s mother tongue (Ukrainian) wasn’t equivalent to the judge’s (English), which is a plus as language is one among the few ways we will tell the difference between a person’s and machine.', 'Alibaba’s AI Model performs better than humans during a reading and comprehension test at Stanford University, scoring 82.44 against the 82.304 scored by humans!', 'Artificial Intelligence (AI) is here to remain, and lots of people aren’t happy. After all, it’s hard to embrace something that would displace about 40 percent of human jobs within the next 15 years. In an interview for CBS’s hour, Kai-Fu Lee (a Chinese AI expert) also mentioned truck drivers, chauffeurs, waiters, and chefs as a number of the professions that will be disrupted.', 'But if you were to ask the experts, they might unwaveringly confirm that no matter all the noise, AI is here to profit us all. Case in point, an executive briefing by the McKinsey Global Institute revealed that AI and automation are creating opportunities for the economy, society, and business.', 'That said, it’s time to repress the widespread idea of artificial intelligence taking jobs. So, let’s highlight a number of the useful developments you’ll expect from this technological phenomenon.', 'While the relationship between artificial intelligence and jobs is a matter of hot debate, it is still safe to say that AI will indeed offer new opportunities. According to the planet Economic Forum report, robots and AI will create as many AI jobs as they displace. This conclusion is entirely viable as it is easy to identify some of the many careers in artificial intelligence, for example, data scientists, who evaluate the decisions made by AI algorithms to eliminate any biases. Apart from that, some other AI occupations include:', 'Transparency analysts: people tasked with classifying the varied sorts of opacity for algorithms. Smart-system interaction modelers: experts who develop machine behavior based on employee behavior. Machine-relations managers: people that champion the greater use of algorithms that perform well. As far because the competition for jobs between humans and robots goes, worth noting is that there are jobs that AI can’t replace. Roles that need leadership, empathy, and delegation are samples of the various jobs that are safe from automation.', 'Automation will stir positive change in the workplace. When AI is employed during recruitment or maybe performance management, all workers are going to be evaluated in an unbiased, fact-based manner. In turn, Human Resources managers can get to consider other essential strategic undertakings that ensure balance within the workplace.', 'AI can help HR departments to use machine learning (ML) in discovering where issues like bias stem from and assist them to act accordingly faster. ML shines in identifying instances of bias. In turn, this may promote fairness and variety within the work setting.', 'The impact of AI in business is already felt, and this is often expected to continue through to the longer term. A few years from now, AI-oriented architecture is forecasted to require the lead in assisting businesses to hold out operations in additional comprehensive ways, thus shifting them from traditional data science and machine learning models. It will be necessary to maneuver to business outcomes because AI will play an important role in multiple aspects of the business. While there is no way of telling the future of artificial intelligence in business for sure, it makes sense for owners to keep up with the evolution to avoid being left behind.', 'The workforce of the longer term will lean more towards innovation and creativity. Businesses have spent higher a part of the previous couple of years studying AI automation and the way they will leverage it to realize results fast. With statistics showing that workers spend up to 40 percent of their hours at work performing repetitive tasks, every business should consider automating any functions which will be automated. Automation is not new; machines have been replacing human labor in different areas for decades.', 'However, within the coming years, mundane daily tasks will become fully automated. Already, 39 percent of organizations were completely reliant on automation in 2018. With repetitive tasks taken care of, employees can focus their energies on high-value customer-oriented tasks and collaboration. The designs of workplaces and workflows will also change with the implementation of AI technology. More people will begin to figure more closely with machines as companies will strive to become more agile.', 'Companies that implement AI in their business strategy will experience dramatic improvements in their customer experiences, and their employees are going to be more motivated. Encouraging creativity rather than the performance of repetitive tasks gives workers more fulfillment in their jobs as well.', 'With the web of things and AI working hand in hand, identifying trends and solving problems within the business world will become more convenient and also sustainable. AI, alongside other technologies, is predicted to vary the planet by impacting the way businesses run. With time, we’ll be ready to combine both human and artificial brains to seek out solutions to major global problems.', 'It will even be easier to foresee problems with more accuracy and nip them at the bud with the help of AI. But these positive impacts can only be felt if stakeholders are transparent and mindful in their use of the technology for the greater good of everyone else.', 'According to a report by PWC, 54 percent of companies confirm that the implementation of AI-driven solutions in their companies has already improved productivity. AI and automation, even once they are implemented partially, have unlimited potential for any business. Workers’ skills, attitude, training, command chain, and workflows protocols are a number of the leading productivity challenges that companies face.', 'Apart from increasing productivity, AI systems will help businesses to chop down on costs, improve the standard of their products or services, and make better customer profiles. As a result, companies also will get higher profits, which may be shared among stakeholders as dividends, or reinvest it back within the business. Improved productivity also means firms are going to be ready to sell their products at lower prices, thereby creating more demand among customers and more job opportunities for workers. Businesses can, therefore, use human labor to take up those jobs that have been created by AI and cannot be automated.', 'Artificial Intelligence isn’t showing any signs of slowing down. Soon, it’ll become another necessity of life, a bit like the web. But for now, more and more businesses are beginning to realize how invaluable AI automation and data interpretation are. Though machines will take some jobs initially, the roles created by automation will also keep soaring within the next few years.', 'Will, we’ve reached the purpose of accelerating human intelligence by artificial means? Who knows? What we all know, however, is that those that are going to be sought-after in AI and employment are individuals who have the relevant skills. There’s work that not even the machines can do; so, we should make ourselves as valuable as we can be in our field and we will be irreplaceable.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:40 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-tool-alexa-google-assistant-finance-banking-tool-future/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:40 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-tool-alexa-google-assistant-finance-banking-tool-future/>
{'title': 'How machine learning used in finance and banking?', 'cont': ['Through AI tools like natural language processing, Alexa and google assistant has led the retail industry in its rise towards conversational commerce. As if a customer was interacting with a clerk in a retail store, conversational commerce makes it possible for users to engage with software to research, purchase, or get customer assistance with products and services across a wide range of industries. With Alexa, for example, users can\xa0ask any Alexa-enabled device\xa0to add an item to an Amazon shopping cart, set a purchasing reminder when a product is running low, or carry out a complete purchase without having to access a shopping cart. The result is a seamless conversational experience that enables consumers to carry out transactions as quickly as it takes to speak a sentence.', 'Through AI tools like natural language processing, Alexa has led the retail industry in its rise towards conversational commerce. As if a customer was interacting with a clerk in a retail store, conversational commerce makes it possible for users to engage with software to research, purchase, or get customer assistance with products and services across a wide range of industries.', 'With the advent of personalized products and on-call delivery, customers have come to expect a new standard experience: fast, easy, accurate, and personalized. Accomplishing this\xa0without sacrificing your workday can be\xa0a challenge, since the data processing required to meet these needs is immense. Luckily,\xa0virtual agents (VAs), powered by conversational AI,\xa0can utilize this information faster and more accurately than humans, finding insights and automating communication to deliver an enriched customer experience. If you invest based on these improvements, you’ll find that implementing these tools delivers a powerful competitive advantage. AI has helped in automobile, education, retail and commerce, finance and banking and healthcare.', 'Voice AI\xa0has powered the wheels of conversational e-commerce, which has impacted the way the customer communicates with the brand in multiple industries. Brands generally build a campaign to emotionally connect with customers, for long-term growth. With Voice, brand campaigns need to be short and ones that can lead to immediate buying. Conversational e-commerce is still in its nascent stage and it is expected to grow manifold in the coming years. The future of shopping is going to Voice AI and marketers have to get on the bandwagon fast to increase their brand value and visibility. Targeting will have to be highly personalized for success.', 'Despite its narrow focus, conversation AI is an extremely lucrative technology for enterprises, helping businesses more profitable. While an AI chatbot is the most popular form of conversational AI, there are still many other use cases across the enterprise.\xa0', 'While an exclusively chat- or voice-based shopping experience for all scenarios may never completely replace the in-person experience, conversational commerce will continue to grow as an added method of convenient and efficient communication. As users continue to become more accustomed to engaging with chatbots and voice-driven interfaces, expect more innovations in the space as brands continue to develop their unique conversation-based solutions.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:40 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-healthcare-revolution-ml-technology-algorithm-google-analytics-industrialrevolution/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:40 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ai-healthcare-revolution-ml-technology-algorithm-google-analytics-industrialrevolution/>
{'title': 'How AI will impact the future of work?', 'cont': ['AI experts believe it’s going to be one of the main ', ' of the fourth', ' and that it has the potential to not just transform the tech sectors and going to open a new chapter of the society of the world that people try to understand themselves better rather than the outside world with AI because people who are naysayer and kind of try to drum up these doomsday scenarios are pretty irresponsible. After all, In the next, five to ten years AI is going to deliver so many improvements and the quality of our lives it is a ', ', a golden age of ', ' and ', ' that was the realm of science fiction for the last several decades. AI is probably the most important thing humanities that have ever worked which is more profound than any work with technology, as it is important to harness the benefits and while minimizing the downside is focusing on autonomous systems like self-driving cars seen as the mother of all AI projects and has made applications like ', ' viable for the first time, three things happen at the same time number one data collection and data processing became easier because of better technologies right um you need data to fuel AI training and that’s been one of the big drivers the second thing that has happened is that ', ' has become faster that’s like the engine so no matter how much fuel you have if you don’t have that engine and processing the data on a timeframe that’s reasonable was just not possible and the third thing that’s happened is that ', ' have been developed which has made AI much more powerful so #technology has been changing and developing at a pace that’s much faster than ever before and we have not been used to this rapid pace of change which means that we have not been used to thinking about how it’s going to impact our immediate future. The most important factor responsible for the growth of AI is ', ' and its AI what Google’s done is given all of us the power to get the relevant information we want at our fingertips this has created a shift in how things are bought but it didn’t happen overnight this started in 2004 but the major change only happens to start 2012 onwards Google’s taken away about 65% of sales people’s jobs that were primarily order takers and the ones that are remaining are likely to be gone over the next decade.', 'In present several AI projects are helping in diagnosing diseases better match up drugs with people depending on what they’re sick they can get treated better so it’s going to help a whole lot of people get treated and get better #healthcare than would have had access to it before if you look at self-driving cars they’re going to be safer than people driving cars and the value that machine learning is providing is actually happening beneath the surface and it is things like improved search results improved product recommendations for customers improve forecasting for inventory management and literally hundreds of other things including speech-recognition or image-recognition that the performance levels are phenomenal\xa0 or drug discovery as these biological systems are very complicated because vaccines for TB and HIV developing that’s notably enabled by this rich data advanced in biology and machine learning and recent invention in which is an application we just launched for anybody with visual impairment ass it uses the latest cutting-edge computer vision technology to give anyone the ability to see, so anyone who has dyslexia can now use AI to be able to read better and with the\xa0 latest release of Windows 10 has this capability called IJ’s which enable the eye muscle that the gaze can help to type. Like the two sides of the coin, there are negative impacts of AI as well\xa0 Bill Gates Ellen Musk also tech giants in a way their views are pessimistic, to say the least, they warned against the potential of AI to replace humans in the workplace and Ella masks even went as far as to claim that AI is the biggest existential threat to mankind. because of the loss of a job, when you think about a job or a career choice if a majority of the tasks that comprise that career choice is likely to be these vulnerable tasks then that is a career at risk in the future so what are the tasks that AI will find? hard to do anything unpredictable anything that requires skills like creative thinking or empathy or interpersonal skills but it’s important to understand tomorrow whether Google is there or not, artificial intelligence is going to progress you know technology has just nature it’s that it’s going to evolve as\xa0 technology and in particular AI can, in fact, bring more empowerment more inclusiveness and at the same time it is important to be clear-eyed about displacement and unintended consequences like any other technology and work both skills so that people can find the jobs of the future create new jobs also the policy decisions that help people as they go through this change people already unhappy because of machine learning artificial intelligence as they think\xa0 if they’re not innovative enough or not creative enough your job will be taking away by a lot of machines AI for business going to affect the future of work specifically there are jobs that are at more risk of being taken over by AI and automation there is very wide dissonance on this, there are different reports that have been shared by\xa0 Oxford study that says 47% of US jobs are at risk of automation over the next few years meanwhile the general population and workers think differently a recent study conducted by college actually identifies that 97% of workers believe that most jobs will be automated but not their own this suggests that the general public needs to be educated on which jobs are\xa0 susceptible to this risk which are not and businesses need to be aware of the forthcoming skills gap of course not all jobs are equal the Oxford study that highlights this they examined 700 participants and found the generalist occupations that require creative knowledge or innovation are at least risk the same is true for occupations in education healthcare media and arts jobs on the flip side jobs like telemarketers junior lawyers accountants are at most risk in short there is a simple rule of thumb if your job is in some way predictable or routine the risk of automation is much higher if a job doesn’t require innovation or creativity then the return on investment for companies is higher on machines than real-time employees machines are faster can’t be distracted and can work 24/7 this is actually good for creative marketers because AI and automation can serve to augment their jobs rather than substituting them as impact of emerging technologies on the creative economy they stated that artificial intelligence is changing\xa0 creative content from beginning to end by 2030 AI will be able to write high school essays code in Python composed top 40s chart songs and make creative videos but all of these advancements also come with risks and costs take a look at this report by the global Commission on the future of work in the absence of effective transition policies many people will have to accept lower skilled and lower paying jobs high-skilled workers are taking less cognitively demanding jobs displacing less educated workers and this is already happening also technological dividends are being unevenly distributed among firms a very limited amount of companies tend to dominate when it comes to big data just think about Google and Facebook today they alone are responsible for 70% of the referral marketing traffic and\xa0 receive more than 50% of total global advertising budget so the question is in businesses workers and social institutions go into the same direction if companies and public policy leaders can understand the evolving landscape they can help the workforce anticipate the upcoming challenges technology and the demographic changes are leading to a smaller workforce compared to the previous generation and a workforce that has to pursue many careers during their time of work we need to provide workers with an environment where they can continuously upskill and grow governments will have to re-evaluate the educational system we will have to continuously learn and grow and companies will have to redesign their structure and their culture around technology just like during the Industrial Revolution we are heading into a new age and the great transformation that we’re about to see by 2022 it is estimated that 20 to 25 percent of the labor force will be displaced within 10 to 20 years however this is also an opportunity for people to get ahead for which different ways have to be find to attract and retain highly skilled workers and allow them the time to up skill themselves even during work hours and it is a\xa0 good way\xa0 to develop a learning community to benefit from each other and also to use technology to supplement goal tracking and\xa0 efforts instead of as a distraction in short what we are doing is\xa0 to bridge the dissonance and it is imperative to build a\xa0 map of how AI and automation will affect\xa0 industry and\xa0 company if this is an economic imperative how do people feel about committing itself to a lifelong approach to knowledge as\xa0 these risks are important but it is important to do things like from being upfront to have ethical charters like AI safety and to be very transparent and open and how we perceive progress there and figure out global frameworks by which we can engage just like Paris agreement and climate change by using\xa0 such forums bring people together as they engage on the hard questions and it will emerge answers and on the question of whether AI is a threat or not, artificial intelligence is not\xa0 a threat because there is a rare case where people need to be proactive in regulation instead of reactive because I think by the time we are reactive in AI regulation it’s too late right now we have machine learning algorithms that can solve an incredibly complex problem beyond any human intelligence\xa0 as they are mere machines that can be given enormous data set and they come up with brilliant correlations and insights but they’re not going threaten the human population anytime soon because fish intelligent isn’t terrible but human being a smart enough to learn that skills at least to have a complete toolbox to be prepared volatility of the future adaptability.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:41 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-online-marketing/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:41 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-online-marketing/>
{'title': 'All you need to know about online marketing', 'cont': ['\xa0', '\xa0', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:41 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/evolution-of-advertising-industry/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:41 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/evolution-of-advertising-industry/>
{'title': 'Evolution of Advertising Industry', 'cont': ['ral different forms, and the intended message can differ from genre to genre. The target for each medium could be different. Advertised content could be in print, radio, TV, or digital formats.', 'clude in-flight advertising, street furniture, passenger displays, billboards, skywriting, posters, wall paintings, banners, taxi cabs, passenger screens, television, and newspaper advertisements.', 'sified section of a newspaper is an example of press advertising. A billboard or digital screen placed on a moving vehicle is often referred to as a mobile billboard.', 'nk, a watch, or a pair of sneakers is seen or mentioned in a common film, this is an example of this.', 'enced by celebrity advertisements because of the power of wealth, fame, and popularity. However, if a celebrity falls out of favor, the use of that celebrity may be detrimental to a company.', '\xa0political parties, political candidates, and special interest groups are examples of noncommercial ads.', 'ry is a multibillion-dollar global company that connects producers with customers. According to the research firm eMarkerter, global media advertising spending totaled nearly $629 billion in 2018, with digital advertising accounting for nearly 44% of that amount.', 'e, consumers’ perspectives have been shifted in favor of commercials. Advertisements are created based on the preferences of the target audience, and as the population has become more tech-savvy, advertising agencies have shifted their focus from conventional to digital advertising. The internet, as well as the devices, used to access it.', 'tents tailored to particular age groups present an opportunity for the mobile advertising industry. The challenges that the mobile advertising industry faces pose a significant risk of new entrants.', 'marketing pitch within the content itself, rather than serving an ad. This can take the form of publisher-tailored content that the advertiser can support or content that the advertiser publishes directly.', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:41 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-data-analytics-can-help-your-business-respond-to-the-impact-of-covid-19/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:41 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-data-analytics-can-help-your-business-respond-to-the-impact-of-covid-19/>
{'title': 'How Data Analytics can help your business respond to the impact of COVID-19?', 'cont': ['Before we get into the whole discussion, let’s first discuss the basic working of data analysis.', '\xa0is defined as a process of cleaning, transforming, and modeling data to discover useful information for business decision-making.', 'Using data analysis, we can extract useful information from the given data and then take corresponding decisions based upon the analyzed data.', 'During the pandemic known as COVID-19, many businesses failed to grow whereas many touched the sky, for example, the transportation of raw materials was drastically low because:', 'On the other hand, new business/startups got a chance to compete in the market by getting early responses from the companies they wanted to tie up with or from the head of the companies that they wanted investments from.', 'The data analysis can help businesses in many ways such as:', 'Data analysis provides different analytical techniques such as:', 'Using these techniques, businesses can analyze everything and predict almost anything.', 'These techniques, tools, and models, can help businesses tackle this horrendous situation that is COVID-19.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/covid-19-environmental-impact-for-the-future/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/covid-19-environmental-impact-for-the-future/>
{'title': 'COVID-19 Environmental impact for the future?', 'cont': ['Dreams are powerful! Right? Be it for escaping reality, envisioning the future, or for experiencing adventures like spacewalk or time travel, we all love dreaming. So, if I ask you what do your eighties look like, what do you imagine?\xa0', 'Well, once I dreamt of my dotage, and I was surprised by the world I imagined living in. Every morning, I would wake up listening to sweet chirps beside a sparkling brook that ran through the lush green mountains. In that world, older people like me wouldn’t suffer from any breathing problems. Frequent traffic jams, congested buildings, and industries emitting excessive smoke were forlorn memories. History books would include chapters on the ‘', ', Biodiversity Restoration, and Water Conservation Campaign. In those aging times of mine, I would sit for hours by the riverside observing the blooming aquatic life. Then the swiftly jumping fishes would splash water onto my face, suddenly shattering this wonderful world that I was in love with. Coming back to the present, out of this imaginary world, now I constantly question myself, “Will this just remain a dream?” Well, I believe, 2019 coronavirus lockdown is a positive kick-start to transform my pleasant dream into the ultimate reality. The lockdown has shown how to live green, but surely it has its own implications.', 'Due to the COVID-19, many countries imposed lockdowns to curb the virus. The world has faced difficult times due to rising issues in the economic sector, public health infrastructure, and instability in global cooperation. These serious issues undoubtedly have to be addressed with utmost priority, and without overshadowing the existing global problems. Notwithstanding the harm to the various sectors, the environment we live in has also been quite closely impacted by the COVID pandemic and in an unprecedented manner. It is interesting to explore more about how the COVID-19 lockdown has impacted biodiversity around the globe.', 'During the lockdown, for the very first time humans were caged in their homes and animals no more had fear of someone heckling them. Even though some animals celebrated their freedom, many suffered due to the lack of attention. Have you wondered what happened to those already endangered species, who were suddenly left uncared for? Unfortunately, because of the home confinement/social isolation, the staff at such places was also reduced and this has increased illegal activities. Reports from Kenya, Cambodia, and the Philippines have confirmed an uptick in poaching, illegal logging, and wildlife trafficking. Data collection and studies regarding animal livelihood were halted making regular health monitoring of different species nearly impossible. Moreover, the pandemic triggered a nasty economic recession leading to a reduction in funding for wildlife preservation. Considering the severity of the unprecedented threats to biodiversity, the conservation efforts need to be funded at higher amounts than the level they were at before the pandemic.', 'On 22nd May 2020, we celebrated the International Day of Biological Diversity with the theme – “', '”. Have you ever wondered why we need a special day to recognize the importance of biodiversity? It is because we need to stop the deliberate negligence towards the flora and fauna and realize that living happily is also their fundamental right. Though biodiversity conservation was overlooked during the lockdown, let’s see some encouraging examples where nature itself tried to heal the wounds that we’ve caused.', 'In the midst of this pandemic, the coronavirus lockdown has been incredibly beneficial for marine life in many parts around the globe. Reduced levels of pollution and human activities have allowed underwater ecosystems to rejuvenate themselves giving us some miraculously soothing experiences like live dolphinariums in the canals of Venice. Only a few weeks of lockdown had led to the improved quality of water in River Ganga. The returning of endangered species of turtles to the beaches in Thailand and the recovery of horseshoe crabs along the shores of New Jersey are some other examples. Though this deadly pandemic should not be considered an acceptable way to rejuvenate the endangered ecosystems, it surely has shown how positively the wild creatures respond when humans take a step back.\xa0 ', 'This pandemic is proof that “Our solutions are in nature, and this is our only option”. It surely gives us hope that like the COVID curve, we can also “Bend the curve of biodiversity loss” and encourages us to develop sustainable and earth-friendly solutions to Build Back a Greener Earth. It has taught us that Building-Back-Better is possible more quickly than we had expected and this is the right time we start focusing on ‘Green Jobs’, jobs that genuinely contribute to a sustainable world.', 'Like humans, nature too has emotions but is a bit more expressive in its unique ways. Colorful rainbows and mild breezes passing through tall trees might be its way of sharing happiness. It might get angry at our destructive activities causing volcanic eruptions, huge bush fires, etc. in frustration. We sometimes plan a vacation to relieve the stress and mother earth also desires the same. I wonder if mother-earth has just put down this pandemic as leave for vacation to heal herself. If it is so, then it would be better next time we willingly give her a weeklong yearly vacation by reducing human activities and recreating the lockdown scenario. Although this will affect economic growth, this will help to maintain harmony between human beings and biodiversity to avoid human sufferings as a consequence.', 'It’s high time now that we take collective action and build a shared future for all creatures in the ecosystem in a greener way and with more nature-based solutions. Let us all pledge to flatten the curve of deforestation, habitat destruction, and climate disruption to prevent our Mother Earth from reaching ‘the point of no return’ and\xa0‘dire catastrophe’.\xa0 Ideas like weeklong yearly lockdown can be cherished for developing sustainable solutions to ‘shift from the grey to green economy’. With collective efforts, we can definitely Bounce Back Greener from this pandemic. When nature itself, through this lockdown has shown a trailer of Green Living, so why not create a beautiful movie out of it?']}
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/environmental-impact-of-the-covid-19-pandemic-lesson-for-the-future/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/environmental-impact-of-the-covid-19-pandemic-lesson-for-the-future/>
{'title': 'Environmental impact of the COVID-19 pandemic – Lesson for the Future', 'cont': ['The Covid- 19 pandemics forced factories to shut down, flights getting canceled and a massive decrease in the global economy, with a significant decrease in Green House Gases (GHG) in many developed and developing countries.', 'The SARS- CoV2 came into the spotlight in December 2019 and has impacted most of the countries till then. Nearly 131 million peoples were infected worldwide and resulting in deaths of around 2.9 Million according to World Health Organisation (WHO). Most of the countries dealt with the new virus by imposing strict lockdowns and social distancing to control the spread of the virus. These policies caused adverse effects worldwide. One of the most important impacts of the Covid-19 Pandemic is on the environment.', 'There have been few positive impacts on the environment due to lockdown like, air pollution has decreased dramatically, as people were asked to stay in their houses due to the lockdowns. There has also been a sharp decline in environmental noise. Environmental noise can be well defined as the unwanted or harmful outdoor sounds caused by human activities like noise emitted by road traffics, air traffics, rail traffics, and industrial activities. It is one of the most important challenges in the modern era as noise pollution can cause adverse effects on humans as well as harm many animals too. The imposition of lockdown and quarantine by various nation’s governments has caused people to remain back at their homes. Because of this, the movement of people from one place to a different place has reduced significantly and the use of personal and public transport has also decreased. Due to all these changes, the environmental noise generated in most of the cities has dropped substantially.', 'Water Pollution at beaches have reduced significantly and many animals were spotted back in the cities, but the covid-19 virus has also generated many negative and indirect effect on the environment.', 'To begin with, some of the developed countries have halted their sustainability program during the pandemic. In the United States and in many other European nation-States, waste recycling plants have been suspended in many municipalities and cities due to the concern of the virus getting spread at the recycling centers. This has resulted in an increase in the use of single-use plastic bags instead of the re-usable bags by many leading restaurants, firms, and corporations. For instance, Starbucks, a leading coffee company during the month of March 2020, has announced a short-lived ban on the utilization of recyclable and reusable cups.', 'Furthermore, with most of the people staying indoors because of the lockdown majority of the department stores, shops, restaurants, and food outlets are closed, making an online purchase and food delivery are quite high. This has created more consumption and demand for fossil fuels due to the transportation and mobility of these goods to each individual. There has been an enormous upsurge of medical waste- because most of the products employed by healthcare professionals are usually single-use items that can be used only once before they are disposed of. Some of these wastes include used masks, personal protection kits, and gloves. For instance, nearly 200 tons of medical waste were generated during the peak of the pandemic breakout in Wuhan, China. This is 50 tones more than the average waste generated before the outbreak in Wuhan.', 'These organic and inorganic wastes generated due to the policies crafted by the government takes a heavy toll on the environment and can cause environmental issues like water pollution, air pollution, soil erosion, and can harm the local flora and fauna.', 'The demand for masks during the pandemic has become skyrocketing but the materials required for the production of these masks are highly dangerous for the environment as they are generally composed of non-woven fabrics. Polyester, Polystyrene, polyethylene, and polycarbonate, are some common materials used for the surgical mask with density lying between 20grams to 25 grams/sq. meter. These materials are mostly resistant to liquids and are plastic-based products with a really high afterlife after being discarded. If not treated properly without discarding, they end up filling the landfills and the oceans making it dangerous to aquatic lifeforms. For example, recently the environment in Hong Kong has started degrading drastically during the pandemic with the accumulation of these clinical wastes.', 'With recycling plants on hold, piles of small mountains of wastes and their depositions at open areas are formed due to the increasing number of unrecycled wastes generated every day. This makes the surrounding more vulnerable and also creating a high risk of air pollutions as the dumped open wastes decays into Methane (CH4), a greenhouse gas, hence increasing the risk of global warming too.\xa0 Not only the surroundings are getting affected by these careless methods, but the local people are also getting affected. If the excess methane gets accumulated in the Earth’s atmosphere due to piles of unrecycled wastes, this could result in increases in Earth’s average temperature and can be harmful to future generations.', 'Many protected and endangered flora and fauna are facing much greater risks due to the imposition of the lockdown. Many countries under lockdown have made people stay inside their homes. The employees, NGOs, and volunteers working in these protected areas like National Parks, Marine Conservation Zones, and wildlife sanctuaries are made to stay at home making these protected and endangered flora and fauna unattended. This has also led to an increase in many illegal activities like wildlife hunting, illegal deforestation, and fishing activities due to the absence of these people. The prohibition of eco-tourism has also led to a significant financial drop in the economy of these protected areas.', 'Some nations like China have asked the local authorities and native government bodies to increase the amount of disinfection routine, mainly to increase the dosage of chlorine in the wastewater treatment plant to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus. However, according to WHO (2020), no solid evidence has been found on the survival of the virus on the lifespan of the virus in wastewater as well as in drinking water. Despite the fact that excessive amounts of chlorine in water can cause harmful problems and issues associated with people’s health like bladder cancer and it also damages its cells.', 'The COVID-19 is a reminder that the health of the planet is also linked to the health of humans. Evidence proves that the virus is zoonotic, meaning it can be transmitted between people and animals. They are accountable for seventy-five percent of all emerging infectious diseases in the World. With the Virus infecting millions of people every day across the globe, Various governments and agencies’ top priority is to regulate the spread of the virus by shifting the spotlight on the management and treatment of wastes (especially the clinical and medical waste).\xa0 Likewise, at the same time, we as responsible individuals need to step up and follow the necessary guideline and precautions for the disposal of the waste and medical gears.', 'In Spite of various data showing that the pollutions have reduced significantly during the pandemic, History has witnessed a rise in pollution during any “post-financial crisis”. \xa0A similar case was observed during the 2008 financial crash – although there was a temporary decrease in emissions of 1.3% was observed, but as the economy recovered in 2010, emissions were at an all-time high. After all, only through sheer mutual empathy and goodwill that the world will emerge stronger after this global pandemic. To prevent future outbreaks, we must address regularly the threats to the ecosystems and wildlife, including habitat loss, illegal trade, pollution, and climate change as human life depends on Earth’s life.', 'If you live near a spacious outdoor area, like the desert or an empty road lined with trees and you realize it’s the only safe, surface-less space to take a walk in, then you begin to realize the beauty of nature. The point is not to remain indoors, but to avoid being in close contact with others. When you do leave your home, whether it is for a walk in the desert or a run on your street, make sure to wipe down any surfaces you come into contact with, avoid touching your face, and frequently wash your hands.', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-data-analytics-and-ai-are-used-to-halt-the-covid-19-pandemic/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-data-analytics-and-ai-are-used-to-halt-the-covid-19-pandemic/>
{'title': 'How Data Analytics and AI are used to halt the COVID-19 Pandemic?', 'cont': ['Even though COVID-19 has not yet halted and we are facing the nth wave of the coronavirus outbreak across several countries, most notably the US, India, and Brazil. It is a fact that Data Analytics and AI are the big guns of our artillery in this fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. It has helped us in several stages of this outbreak, like the detection of its first outbreak, vaccine development and manufacturing contact tracing, and future hotspot detection. Some of these interesting applications are discussed in this article.', 'A lesser-known fact is that the COVID-19 outbreak was first detected in Toronto, Canada, nearly 7,230 miles away from the first outbreak, nine days before the WHO issued its warning. It was with the help of Big Data Analytics and AI, more specifically Deep Learnings (DL, a subset of Machine Learning) application in Natural Language Processing (NLP) to analyze text inputs that traced the surge of pneumonia cases in the Wuhan province of China. The specialty of DL algorithms is that they mimic the brain cells called neurons and can identify patterns in Big Data. This DL-backed software is used as inputs, reports from public health organizations, global airline ticketing data, etc. These were used to flag unusual surges and potential spreads of infectious diseases.', 'The next application of Big Data Analytics and AI was in the Research and Development of drugs to halt COVID-19. AI was used to analyze the protein structure of the virus, findings that were significant in the progress of vaccine development. In preliminary studies, it was found that it does not mutate as fast as other viruses such as HIV, which means that a prophylactic vaccine is a better way to proceed rather than a therapy. But there is also some evidence supporting the fact that when we find any kind of cure for it, there is a chance of the virus mutating, which is what happened and major mutations have been found in the UK, Brazil, and South Africa. AI also assisted scientists in rapidly shortlisting a set of already available vaccines that could be effective against the coronavirus.', 'Another interesting application of AI can be found in the selection of the right candidates, i.e. most likely to test positive for testing coronavirus in case of insufficient testing resources. This method was first exercised on Greek borders and was called project EVA. Whenever a traveler wanted to come into Greece, he had to fill out a form known as Passenger Locator Form (PLF) at least 24 hours prior to arrival, containing information on their origin country, demographics, point, and date of entry, and the intended destination. EVA then allocated testing resources according to the size of the set of passengers to be tested. After the test results, if found positive, they are put in quarantine. The results were sent back to the program for real-time learning.', 'The question remains how EVA made allocations, It was found that, statistically, only the origin country and the city were significant factors for screening. Ultimately, from a variety of countries and city pairs, EVA had to predict how many testing resources were to be allocated at each entry point and to particular passengers from a location is technically called the Multi-Armed Bandit (MAB) problem, and the chosen method to solve this problem was an AI algorithm called optimistic Gittins index. This algorithm identified on average 1.85x as many asymptomatic, infected travelers as random surveillance testing, and up to 2-4x as many during peak travel. After the test results, if found positive, they are put in quarantine. Following the collection of significant data through the aforementioned process, after a certain period, policies were made categorizing them separately and imposing restrictions on travelers from the specific location. This EVA as presented above was in operation from August 6th to November 1', ' processing around 38,500 PLFs each day and testing on an average 18.5% of households entering the country every day.', 'Above mentioned applications just show the tip of the iceberg and there is more to get into some of the other developments to watch for include the use of Image Recognition to identify covid based on x-ray images, the use of Deep Learning to predict the 3-D protein structure associated with COVID-19 and so on.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:42 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/difference-between-artificial-intelligence-machine-learning-statistics-and-data-mining/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/difference-between-artificial-intelligence-machine-learning-statistics-and-data-mining/>
{'title': 'What is the difference between Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Statistics, and Data Mining?', 'cont': ['“Data is the new oil” has become the most important trendline of the 21', ' century. The reason for this is the advancements in the fields related to data analysis. The field of AI Machine Learning Statistics and Data Mining all deal with data and are developing at such a staggering pace, that these fields have become the most popular buzzwords these days.', 'Buzzwords are originated through technical terms but often the underlying essence is ignored through fashionable use and mainly used to impress. This is the main reason for the misconception amongst people. AI, ML, Stats, Data Mining, and many other fields related to the analysis of data are most often mistook for one and the same thing, thus all these words are often used interchangeably to convey one and the same thing. But this is not true at all!', 'The only similarity between these disciplines is that all of these disciplines are related to the analysis of the data and converting this data into “information”.', 'In academics, while learning AI Machine Learning Statistics and Data Mining, the academic approach only wander in the technical definitions and concepts but the underlying essence and the aim of the discipline remain unexplored, same is the case with most of the articles out there which try to explain the difference. Thus, becoming the primary cause of confusion between learners. Hence, this article explains the difference by explaining the philosophy and the aims of each of the disciplines rather than wandering in the technical definitions.', 'The essential difference between these disciplines lies in their “aims” and the approach taken to achieve those aims.', 'The aim of Artificial intelligence is to understand intelligent entities. Then to satisfy this aim, we must first understand what is intelligence and what makes an agent intelligent agent? The answer to all these questions can be found by studying intelligent agents and the best example of an intelligent agent can be found by just standing in front of a mirror! Yes! Humans are the best examples of intelligent entities. Thus, in the 1900s, researchers began exploring the thought process, the reasoning process of humans as human beings were considered as an ideal intelligent agent. Mimicking human behavior became the aim of AI in the initial years of the research. After setting this goal, studies and experiments began and the most famous experiment conducted in the initial years to achieve this aim was the Turing Test! Turing defined intelligent behavior as the ability to achieve human-level performance in all cognitive tasks, sufficient to fool an interrogator. But this test received criticism as only mimicking human behavior is not exactly intelligence. Because intelligence should be related to the working of the human brain as without the human brain, intelligence has no meaning!', '\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Thus, mimicking human thought processes and reasoning became the transformed aim. The field of Psychology and philosophy also resonate with this aim that is to understand the human thought process. The difference is that AI not only tries to understand the thought process but to mimic it, build it. The collaboration of these fields resulted in models such as Neural Networks which try to mimic the function of neurons present in the human brain. So, basically, this initial aim was human-centered and humans were considered as the ideal intelligent agent.', 'Concurrently, the field of computer science was developing at a greater pace. With the advances in computer science, the experiments and theories could be easily tested and validated. As programs were being applied to solve real-life problems, it was found that computers performed better than humans at some tasks that are really complex for humans. One of the best examples of this could be the chess-playing program. An AI program defeated the world’s best chess player Garry Kasparov. This incident indicated that human intelligence is not the ultimate intelligence or else a human would have been able to defeat the AI program. This leads to a question, is human intelligence the ideal intelligence?', 'As computers became more advanced, they proved to be better than humans at certain complex tasks. That is why the ', ' was being related to the ability to solve cognitive tasks or problems. So, rather than considering the nature of agents, researchers began to study the nature of intelligence itself. Then the question comes how to test or validate intelligence? The best way to test intelligence is to solve cognitive problems. An agent can be said intelligent only if it can solve a complex problem. The problem-solving approach can be easily tested and validated on computers. Thus, some researchers began studying the ideal intelligence, and the selected agent to validate the experiments was the computer. So, a computer and problem-solving approach were adopted. So, the human-centered approach and computer, problem-solving approach are the two main aims of AI. Both of these fields have contributed to the field by giving valuable insights.', 'Both the aims are important and both of these collaboratively form the main aim of AI!', 'In the problem-solving approach, there is a big challenge that AI has to overcome in order to achieve its aim. Consider the example of solving a math problem. There are two cases by which intelligence can be tested in this problem-solving approach. Let us say two math problems are given for you to solve. The first problem is familiar to you and the second problem is not.', 'Consider the first problem. The first problem is familiar to you, that means you know how to solve such kind of problems as you have already solved some similar problems in the past. So, there comes a question, how our mind is able to solve that problem? The answer is, that you have solved similar problems in the past, thus you have learned from the past data, how to solve such problems, thus even if you haven’t seen that problem in the past, you will still be able to solve similar problems. This is one form of intelligence.', 'Consider another case where you are given a second problem where you have not solved such kind of problems in the past. Then to solve this problem, you will try to consciously gather and manipulate the given information so that you reach a certain conclusion. This kind of approach does not necessarily rely on the past data but completely on the reasoning process. This is the second kind of intelligence.', 'For AI to build intelligent agents, both of these kinds of intelligence must be developed in the agent. But, the reality is that AI has reached the point where it is able to build agents which can only learn from past data and find some useful information. AI today has not reached a point where it can build agents who can think on their own. That is the second type of intelligence.', 'So, the way AI is able to implement the first type of intelligence is through Machine Learning! So, the domain of AI which focuses solely on implementing the first kind of intelligence is in fact Machine Learning. That is the reason why ML is called the subset of AI! So, this is the main difference between AI and ML.', 'Technically speaking, “It is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn from past data and find some meaningful conclusions, patterns without being explicitly programmed”. This statement needs some elaboration. The essence of ML is related to the process of “Generalization” and learning from past data. Generalization is an abstraction by which common properties of specific instances are formulated as general concepts or claims. Consider how we humans recognize daily life objects. If we see an animal, then we can easily recognize if it is a “dog” or a “cat”. It is a very trivial task for us but have you ever wondered how our mind is able to do it? The answer is Generalization!', 'If you were given a picture of a dog, you can easily recognize that it is a picture of a dog, because, our minds have abstracted the description of a dog and formulated it into a “concept” of what a dog is and these concepts became better and better as we learned from the past experiences of a dog. So, the way we think is dependent on the fact that things are represented as generalized concepts in our minds.', 'With generalization only, can come real “information”. So, we try to give computers the ability to generalize the “raw data” and convert it into “information” which can be patterns and trends in the data on their own.', 'This is the discipline that concerns the collection, organization, analysis, interpretation, and presentation of data. Statistics tries to deal with data with the only aim that is to explain it. So, it is the study of explaining the data itself! Statistics has two main domains which are Descriptive statistics and Inferential statistics.', ' deals with the explanation or description of data thus the name “Descriptive” statistics. It tries to explain as much information as possible, easily about the whole large data which would be a very complex task otherwise.', '\xa0Inferential statistics try to make accurate inferences from the available small data. We use inference in many tasks in our daily lives. Consider a simple case of cooking a soup. After completing the recipe, you will taste a small sample, that is, a spoonful of the soup to check if the soup tastes good or bad. Depending upon the result of the sample, you make an inference about the whole soup that if the soup as a whole, good or bad. Similarly, in statistics, there are cases where you have to apply inference to have meaningful information. For example, consider a case where you cannot gather the whole data because it is very time-consuming and costly. In these cases, applying inference based on the available sample introduces uncertainty. That is where inferential statistics come for help.', 'So,\xa0the use of data in the context of uncertainty and decision-making in the face of uncertainty is what statistics deals with. So, however, and whatever the data, statistics tries to explain that data. This aim does not resonate with that of AI and ML, but statistics help ', '!', '“Data”, is not useful at all in its raw form. Consider examples of sensors used in industrial applications. These sensors might be used in a manufacturing plant to sense different properties like temperature, pressure, etc. The raw data generated by these sensors are not useful until and unless it is converted to a suitable form, then processed, analyzed to gather valuable insights, which can be used to solve a problem!', 'Due to its unique aim of capturing the essence of very large datasets, to gather insights, Data Mining is also referred to as “Knowledge Discovery”. That is why, Carly Fiorina, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard once said, “The goal is to turn data into information and information into Insight”. This statement completely explains the aim of Data Mining!', '\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 So, the difference between AI Machine Learning Statistics and Data Mining lies in their aims. But the approaches taken in all of these fields, help in one way or the other in fulfilling the aims of the other fields. This is the beauty of these fields!']}
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-python-became-the-first-choice-for-data-science/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-python-became-the-first-choice-for-data-science/>
{'title': 'How Python became the first choice for Data Science.', 'cont': ['Data Science is gaining popularity exponentially over the past decade, and thanks to that we are now enjoying better products, recommendations, and smoother life. Data science is an interdisciplinary subject that includes statistics, math, IT, etc.', 'Now there is so much to do in Data Science,\xa0 so we need an arrangement where all this can be accessible in one place. It will be very hectic to go to hundreds of different resources while doing analysis or building models. But don’t worry, PYTHON is there for you.', 'Yes, you read it right, Python is a ', ' that can provide everything you need for Data Science. Several features that have made Python become the choice of data science in past times are:', ' Python is a progressively typed language, so the variables are defined automatically.', ' Python is more readable and uses lesser code to play out a similar task when contrasted with other programming languages.', ' Python is specifically typed. In this way, developers need to cast types manually.', ' Python is an interpreted language. This implies the program need not have complied.', ' Python is flexible, convenient, and can run on any platform effectively. It is adaptable and can be integrated with other third-party software effectively.', 'This library available in python makes it very easier to analyze the data, you can read a variety of data sets like CSV, XML, XLSX, JSON, etc. You can perform several operations like Groupby, sorting with the help of easily accessible objects from pandas.', 'This package helps you with any numerical operation that is needed to be performed in Data science, for example calculating Euclidean distance, finding ranks of the matrix, etc.', 'These are excellent data visualization libraries available in python that produce some excellent visualization like shown here,', 'It provides you state of the art machine learning algorithms for your accurate predictive analysis. ', '–', ' is characterized by a clean, uniform, and streamlined API, as well as by very useful and complete online documentation. It provides a selection of efficient tools for machine learning and statistical modeling including classification, regression, clustering, and dimensionality reduction via a consistent interface in Python.', 'Keras is an open-source software library that provides a Python interface for artificial neural networks. Keras acts as an interface for the TensorFlow library. ', ' is an industry-strength ', ' that can scale to large clusters of GPUs or an entire TPU pod.', 'See, Now that you have a variety of resources available here in python, then why go anywhere else. Python I also becoming the world’s most loved and most wanted programming language and it will surely help to get you the job. Data science consulting organizations are empowering their ', ' to utilize Python as a programming language. Python has gotten well-known and the most significant programming language in an extremely brief timeframe. Data Scientists need to manage a large amount of data known as big data. With simple utilization and a huge arrangement of python libraries, Python has become a popular choice ', 'Seeing the stats we can clearly see that Python has taken over other Languages needed for data science. It has also surpassed R which is exclusively built for Data science. Isn’t this exciting.', 'Python in Data science has empowered data scientists to accomplish more in less time. Python is an adaptable programming language that can be effectively understood and is exceptionally amazing as well.', 'Python is highly adaptable and can work in any environment effectively. Additionally, with negligible changes, it can run on any operating system and can be integrated with other programming languages. These qualities have settled on Python as the top choice for developers & data scientists.', 'So next time you do analysis or work on any Data Science project, feel proud cause you are working with the most loved language of the world.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-google-fit-measure-heart-and-respiratory-rates-using-a-phone/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-google-fit-measure-heart-and-respiratory-rates-using-a-phone/>
{'title': 'How Google fit measure heart and respiratory rates using a phone camera?', 'cont': ['It was in March that Tech giant Google came up with a ground-breaking announcement of Google Fit able to measure one’s heart and respiratory rates using their smartphones. This news spread like wildfire. Instantly became the talk of the town. This feature was said to be available to the Google Fit app exclusively to its Pixel phone users. Google also plans to expand to its other Android devices in the future.', 'This was after Google’s newest endeavor of acquiring the Fitbit for a whopping $2.1 billion. This acquisition not only does steps up a stage for a potential Google Smartwatch but also gives Google the ownerships to Fitbit’s ', ' Users just need to place their head and upper torso in view of the front-facing phone camera for those who wish to measure their respiratory rate. For measuring Heart rate the user just has to place their finger on the rear-facing camera lens. Mind-blowing right!', 'Once the measurements have been taken the users simply have to store and save them in the Google Fit app to monitor and track their day-to-day wellness. On asked how it’s measuring these heart rate and respiratory rate, Google ', ' Shwethak Patel explained that these features rely on the sensors that have been built into the smartphone, such as its camera, microphone, and accelerometer. Thanks to increasingly power sensors even in affordable smartphones and advancements in computer vision, these features let use one smartphone’s camera to track even tiny physical signals like your chest movement to measure your respiratory rate and subtle ', ' for your heart rate.', 'Pixel underwent and completed initial clinical trials to validate the algorithm cloud work in a variety of different world conditions and that too with many people while developing the features. Since our heart rate relies on approximating blood flow from color changes in someone’s fingertip, it has to account for factors such as lighting, skin tone, age. Adding to be able to measure heart and respiratory rate soon Google Fit also displays user daily stats such as daily goals, weekly goals, heart points, workout, and also sleep monitor.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-future-of-mobile-apps/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:43 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-future-of-mobile-apps/>
{'title': 'What is the future of mobile apps?', 'cont': ['From what I have learned on the mobile apps development market recently, it is becoming harder for an Android or iOS developer to find a suitable and well-paying job in the market.', 'Some major reasons include the increasing supply of mobile engineers, people generally stop downloading apps, and many more.', 'In this article, I will go through a more detailed explanation of the recent trend mentioned above and my two cents on what mobile engineers could do to prepare themself for the upcoming challenge! and the future of mobile apps.', 'Although the demand for mobile developers has not fallen sharply compared with previous years, the growth rate has slowed. On the other hand, owing to a great number of coding boot camps that target to bring up mobile and frontend engineers, a great number of developers are\xa0flooding into the developer job market.', 'The supply side for mobile engineers has increased rapidly in recent years, raising the standards for qualified mobile engineers. The days of a mobile engineer easily getting over 10 job offers are over.', 'According to\xa0data\xa0gathered and analyzed by the\xa0CakeResume\xa0team, JavaScript and Python are now the most in-demand programming languages for companies who post product development jobs on CakeResume, both together taking up almost half of the job opportunities, while mobile engineers taking up merely 10% of the job opportunities.', 'While App usage continues to grow and revenue also ascends, the majority of consumers actually download\xa0zero apps per month', 'let’s face the truth, born and raised up in the era of the information explosion, individuals don’t have the leisure to check on what’s new on the app store every day. When it comes to choosing an App to download, many people feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of options available.', 'Take the productivity category of the App Store as an example, there are over thousands of Apps in this category, and new Apps popping up almost every week. It is almost impossible for users to dig through and learn all the apps. They just choose what is on top then click Install.', 'And not to mention that if you could build an awesome productivity app, Google and Apple could do it 10 times better and faster than you. In the end, there’s not as much need for individual apps to accomplish similar convenience factors.', 'Although the bull run for mobile development has ended, there are still over 2 billion smartphone users, 27.5 billion mobile apps downloaded, and time spent per day on mobile devices has increased rapidly in recent years. Moreover, apps offer a user experience that even ‘Responsive Websites’ are unable to provide.', 'In order to stay on top of the game, you will have to differentiate yourself from the pack — other mobile engineers. If you are a mobile engineer who only knows how to code and tweak your App’s UI, you aren’t that different from others after all. Below I listed a few ways that you could implement so that you could stay competitive in the job market.', 'If you are an Android developer, you could start choosing a job involving Kotlin or Flutter, which are backed by Google. If you are an iOS developer, try to look for a job to get involved with using Swift.', 'Although older mobile coding languages, such as Java and Objective-C, still have their upsides, the main reason why Kotlin and Swift are created at first is to address the older languages issue. It means that Kotlin and swift provide many safety mechanisms available out-of-the-box while being more concise and expressive than Java and Objective-C at the same time.', '\xa0', 'This point is especially crucial. Each industry has its specific skills to learn and refine. For example, if you are building a stock, foreign exchange, future, or options market app, you will have to understand the\xa0', 'protocol, which lets you transfer as much data as you like without incurring the overhead associated with traditional HTTP requests.', 'For the streaming media industry, possessing experience with live streaming protocols such as HLS, RTMP, WebRTC will be a must to deal with streaming-related apps.', 'These industry skills can really make you stand out, and adds another layer of expertise to your already pretty impressive mobile engineer title, making you more valuable in the job market.', 'The future of mobile app development will be shaped by how businesses harness mobile technology to solve people’s everyday problems.', 'Don’t try to fight the irresistible trend, see how you can surf the trend! Exposing yourself or trying to get a job in the field mentioned below will absolutely give you more opportunities as a mobile developer.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:44 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-ai-in-health-and-medicine/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:44 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-ai-in-health-and-medicine/>
{'title': 'Impact of AI in health and medicine', 'cont': ['AI allows those in training to go through naturalistic simulations in a way that simple computer-driven algorithms cannot. The advent of natural speech and the ability of an AI \xa0computer to draw instantly on a large database of scenarios means the response to questions, decisions, or advice from a trainee can challenge in a way that humans cannot in health and medicine', 'Wearable health trackers-like those from ', ', ', ', ', ', and others- monitor health rate and activity levels. They can send alerts to the user to get more exercise and can share this information with doctors.', ' can process unimaginable amounts of information in the blink of an eye and provide more precision than humans in spotting even the smallest detail in medical imaging.\xa0 A few of them are ', ', ', ', ', ', ', '.', 'The company “', '” developed a new platform called profound, which analyzes all types of medical imaging reports that are able to find every sign of potential conditions such as osteoporosis, aortic aneurysms, and many more with a 90% accuracy rate.', 'For eg,', ' developed “Dr. AI”, and apps like Babylon in the UK use AI to give medical consultations based on personal medical history and common medical knowledge. Users report their symptoms into the app, which uses speech recognition to compare against a database of illness and asks patients to specify symptoms to triage whether they should go to the ED, urgent care, or a primary care doctor.', 'AI robot-assisted surgery: Robots have been used in medicine for more than 30 years. Surgical robots can either aid a human surgeon or execute operations by themselves. They’re also used in hospitals and labs for repetitive tasks, in rehabilitation, physical therapy, and in support of those with long-term conditions. \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0', '\xa0Health chatbots such as ', ', ', ' and mostly close-ended communications.', '#MICROSOFT: Predictive analysis in vision care', '#GOOGLE: clinical decision support in breast cancer diagnosis', '#IBM WATSON: precision medicine in population health management', 'Actionable medical insights: \xa0An ever-increasing amount of medical data are being digitized at all public and private healthcare institutions. However, by its very nature, this kind of data is messy and unstructured. Unlike other types of business data, where traditional statistical methods can be used for quick insights, patient data is not particularly amenable to simple modeling and analytics tools.', '.- ', ' start-up, has a mission of mixing intelligence with empathy and leverage the power of AI in health and medicine for precisely generating.', 'Therefore, a massive parallel effort to rationalize the legal and policy-making is needed to bring the full benefit of advancement in AI technologies into the healthcare space. As technologies and AI/ML enthusiasts, we can only hope for such a bright future where the power of this intelligence.', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:44 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/telemedicine-what-patients-like-and-dislike-about-it/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:44 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/telemedicine-what-patients-like-and-dislike-about-it/>
{'title': 'What patients like and dislike about telemedicine?', 'cont': ['In today’s world, telemedicine technology is one of those technologies which has brought about a change. Compared to the early days there have been remarkable differences in the methods of consultation with a doctor. In the years that have passed by, consultation for a disease with a doctor was quite hectic. It involved waiting, traveling, etc. But with the advent of telemedicine opportunities, this has completely changed.', 'It is a rural area that has been completely blessed with the invention of telemedicine. Today a considerable amount of people are able to consult doctors remotely. Not just doctors, but specialists ', ' This has been of great importance as far as rural people are concerned. There are a lot of telemedicine tools that have been found. There are a lot of areas like ', ' etc where the facility of telemedicine has been practiced.', 'Most of the patients are truly benefitting from telemedicine. Patients are pretty satisfied with the consultation they are getting. They don’t have to travel now. They can consult doctors and other specialists from remote areas. The cost of consultation has become pretty much affordable. Moreover, they get exposed to highly efficient and qualified experts in the field of medicine.', 'On the other hand, there can be patients who do not fully get satisfied ', '. Rather they might feel that they need to have a direct talk with the doctor, which can boost up their confidence and also it helps to maintain a better relationship with the doctor and patient. The patients feel trust when they talk to doctors face to face. Moreover, doctors also might be able to console their patients when they have direct interaction with their patients. There could also be patients who doubt if these virtual methodologies are really trusted worthy or not. It is so because, while the patients have direct contact with their patients, the qualifications are visible to the patients. So there shall be no question of distrust.', 'There are major challenges like better connectivity of the internet, without which the patients will not be able to have continuous interaction with the doctors. Technical glitches may hinder the consultation too. Moreover, emergency situations cannot be addressed beyond a limit through telemedicine.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:44 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-we-forecast-future-technologies/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:44 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-we-forecast-future-technologies/>
{'title': 'How we forecast future technologies?', 'cont': ['TECHNOLOGY is playing a dominant role in human life. And as in our daily lifestyle technology is used each and every place where human beings are present. so How we forecast future technologies?\xa0', 'So, the fact is that technology is not a single immutable piece of hardware orbit chemistry. It is simply', ' and it systematically applied to the useful arts. This knowledge can vary continuously over time. It can range basic phenomenon can be applied to an end product, device, or production machine ', ' Even as time passes, the performance ', ', product, or operating system are normally improved in small continuous increments over time.', 'Advance in technology is usually nothing more than an accumulation of small advances not worth introducing individually to make a significant change in total technology. Forecast future technologies no matter how accurate – unless they eventually influence action.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:45 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/can-robots-tackle-late-life-loneliness/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:45 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/can-robots-tackle-late-life-loneliness/>
{'title': 'Can robots tackle late-life loneliness?', 'cont': ['In this era, everyone is busy in his life. No one spares time for someone. so robots tackle life loneliness? We have no time to stand and stare. This causes loneliness. Loneliness is due to fast-moving life and hurry and worry. In the 21st century, everyone is spending most of their time earning money. They are day-by-day transforming into money-earning machines. Due to his perception, we are losing our relations as we can’t give enough time to our families. They are busy earning their livelihood. They never get satisfies and always want more. Everyone is in a race of earning and then sends his children far away from himself to make them well settled in order to maintain their status. But one faces the consequences of this kind of lifestyle in his old age. People usually don’t spend time with their children when their children are in their childhood but they yearn for the company of their children in their old age. They feel lonely but have none to talk with. They are still attached to people, places, belongings, and memorable events from the past, although they understand that life cannot continue the same way as earlier, and this may easily result in feelings of loneliness and social isolation. As they become older, they need to be attended to in order to meet their daily needs. Robots can indeed serve the purpose but they can aid only mechanical care. They are just emotionless, feeling fewer entities. Robots aren’t creative. They can work only according to a pre-programmed system and till now no such software has been created that can transfer human feelings into robots. This is the major loophole of using robots to tackle late-life loneliness. They can undoubtedly serve their masters but their masters can’t share their feelings with them as they are incapable to understand or react to them. They can’t change their activity according to the occasion. They can provide anything except emotional satisfaction and without emotional gratification, loneliness can’t be tackled. A master can be attached to his robot but that attachment is only due to their service. They can’t share their thoughts with them. In this era, we are rendered lonely and in late- life feel the need for a companion with whom we can talk. We feel a need for someone who can listen to us, react, and advise us to tackle our day-to-day life problems. But we can’t find one. We have, undoubtedly, achieved great progress in terms of technology but we can never fill the void in the heart of a person struggling with his late-life loneliness with our advancements. We are in a kind of mental trance in which we experience fame, progress, wealth, etc. but when we gain our consciousness, we find ourselves lonely in this world. Relations in life are actual wealth in a person’s life. We can never enjoy such a bond with a robot. It will follow our commands, take our appropriate care but can’t react to our emotions. It can’t console us. When a man lives in loneliness for a long time, it eats up his conscience and transforms him into a machine. Robots can never become our friends, crack jokes, weep our tears, or establish an emotional connection with us. They can’t understand our feelings. Many people go into depression. Depression or the occurrence of depressive symptoms is a prominent condition amongst older people, with a significant impact on their well-being and quality of life. They remain sick and loneliness directly impacts longevity. Lonely people often think that they are no longer needed in this world and thus they want to die. It impacts their mental, psychological, social, and physical health. Robots prove to be useless in these matters. They can provide motivation, only if they have the software to do so but can’t, themselves, react to such a situation. They don’t know about anger, happiness, or sadness. They don’t themselves bring food when their master is hungry until commanded to do so. They can’t even offer a glass of water themselves. A man living without relations and without fellow feeling no longer remains a human being. He becomes none less than a machine as, due to his loneliness, he becomes mentally ill and goes into a condition like trauma where he no longer enjoys nature’s blessings, becomes happy or sad as he loses the ability to react and hence can’t act. It’s a dangerous situation. We face a plethora of challenges in assisted living facilities such as not being addressed to emotional needs, being neglected, and forcing a withdrawal from social activities. Relations in life, interaction with fellow beings, sharing of joy and happiness, and fellow feeling make a man from mere a ‘being’ to a ‘', '’ and finally a ', '.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:45 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/embedding-care-robots-into-society-socio-technical-considerations/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:45 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/embedding-care-robots-into-society-socio-technical-considerations/>
{'title': 'Embedding care robots into society and practice: Socio-technical considerations', 'cont': ['Care Robots, as the name suggests, are robots that are used for hospitality purposes like fetching water, cracking jokes and keeping a patient in good harmony, etc.', 'The senior care industry has been at the forefront for quite a period. The reason being, Nuclear families becoming very busy in their schedule that one day when the parents of this nuclear family are', ', nursing homes have become a trend.\xa0 Parents with mental illness are being put in rehab.', 'As observed for a few decades ', ' and they are even dominating a few fields like the automobile industry. So, Machines can indeed help humankind in achieving remarkable success in many fields.', 'Do senior citizens ', ' ?, You should look at them when they watch TV when they love to play video games on a smartphone. So, If we give them a human-like structure with the ability of a smartphone to make these people happy then it would be quite a monstrous feat.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:45 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/management-challenges-for-future-digitalization-of-healthcare-services/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:45 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/management-challenges-for-future-digitalization-of-healthcare-services/>
{'title': 'Management challenges for future digitalization of healthcare services', 'cont': ['Management acts as a guide to a group of people working in the organization and coordinating their efforts, towards the attainment of the common objective.Management challenges for future digitalization of healthcare services', '\xa0\xa0\xa0 In the current day and age, a wave of digitization has taken over the world. All the emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence and others are helping people live better and easier life. The service sector has also benefited a lot from digitization. It got further boost when Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in the year 2015, launched a campaign known as ‘Digital India.’ Among the various industries in the service sector, digitization has had a massive impact on the operation of the ', ' It has helped in the development of this industry and enhances life for millions of people. The condition of India in terms of healthcare has been quite grim. Patients who need attention are neglected and are unable to avail proper treatment or diagnosis. However, with the coming up of digitization, there has been hoped for this industry also.', 'According to Dr. Keshab Panda, CEO & MD, L&T Technology Services,', 'This is a model of healthcare where doctors and hospitals are paid based on patient health outcomes. The coming up of digital tools in this segment of healthcare can be considered as the starting tool. Dr. Panda further says that the implementation of advanced digital technologies in patient-care domains like-', ' telehealth, wearables, and remote monitoring can help in enhancing accessibility, boost efficiency and augment the effectiveness of treatment and preventive care.', 'The healthcare industry over the past few decades has changed drastically. With the coming of emerging technologies, new surgical procedures and medical devices have been made available.', 'While talking about connectivity in healthcare, Dr. Panda said that with digitization taking over the industry, it is only a matter of time when with the help of the internet and smartphones, digital healthcare will be everywhere. The internet for once has helped doctors connect to their patients and also with one another. This has helped in enhancing the doctor-patient engagement by increasing their interaction time.', 'Big data aggregates information about a business through formats such as social media, eCommerce, online transactions, and financial transactions, and identifies patterns and trends for future use.', 'Although ransomware, data breaches, and other cybersecurity concerns are nothing new to the healthcare industry, the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic revealed just how vulnerable sensitive patient health information really is.', 'The recent growth of digital health initiatives- like telehealth doctor visits — is a major contributor to the severe increase in breached patient records. As more healthcare functions continue to move online over the next year, it’s extremely important to ensure these processes are protected from outside threats.', 'Medical practices are citing patient collections as their top revenue cycle management struggle as patients are becoming responsible for a larger portion of their medical bills. In order to help encourage patients to submit payments in a timely manner, providers must adhere to patient payment preferences.', 'To meet patient expectations and improve the user experience, ensure billing statements are\xa0patient-friendly. You should offer paperless statements and a variety of payment options (e.g. credit card, etc.) via an online patient portal and utilize the latest payment technologies, such as mobile and text-to-pay. New features like text or email reminders help effectively communicate with patients and encourage them to pay their financial obligations.', 'The medical insurance landscape has experienced some significant changes in recent years. As more patients are responsible for a larger portion of their healthcare bill, they naturally demand better services from their providers.', 'Healthcare organizations will face tougher competition in attracting and retaining patients who demand an experience that matches the level of customer service they expect from other consumer brands.', 'They demand a streamlined patient experience so they can “self-service” to resolve most questions, issues, or concerns (e.g., downloading an immunization record, booking an appointment, paying their bills, or checking their account/insurance status) whenever, wherever, and however is most convenient for them.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/are-we-any-closer-to-preventing-a-nuclear-holocaust/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/are-we-any-closer-to-preventing-a-nuclear-holocaust/>
{'title': 'Are we any closer to preventing a nuclear holocaust?', 'cont': ['One thought always comes to my mind…', 'What if we lived without that dander hanging over our heads?', 'And you all know what is that danger is. For more than 70 years the world has faced the very real threat of nuclear war.', 'Nuclear war is a real and growing threat. The United States and Russia have left critical agreements and treaties, while actively planning to add new types of weapons to their arsenals.', 'Meanwhile, US nuclear policy remains rooted in the Cold War, increasing the risk that nuclear weapons could be used again.', 'It doesn’t have to be this way. With the right policy changes and a commitment to diplomacy, the United States can be a leader in reducing the nuclear threat and we can also help them. But the question arises is what are the activities are being done for the prevention of nuclear holocaust?', 'And they are :']}
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-technology-eliminate-the-need-for-animal-testing-in-drug-development/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-technology-eliminate-the-need-for-animal-testing-in-drug-development/>
{'title': 'Will technology eliminate the need for animal testing in drug development?', 'cont': ['Imagine yourself as a being who can speak but no one can comprehend you. You are kept in captivity, in a place where you can hardly breathe. You are finally selected and taken out of that place, it is a happy moment for you. You can finally have your freedom but sadly instead of being free, you are prodded by rods and fed toxic substances against your will. The only thing you can do is scream in vain. Your voice is heard by everyone but it gets lost in the noise of scientific advancement. You writhe in pain as the substances take effect on your body, the pain slowly creeps into your body and you slowly succumb to it, never to wake up again.\xa0\xa0', 'Since the time of Aristotle, animals have been subjected to various inhumane experiments for the sake of knowledge. These experiments though unethical were very necessary for the advancement of science. Animal testing has become an important part of experimenting on living organisms to ensure that a product is safe for humans to consume. The lab animals are generally subjected to high levels of toxicity while being kept in isolation due to which they have to suffer a lot of stress and discomfort. Animal testing has a large number of drawbacks:', 'All of these things make us question ourselves. Is it even worth it? Is it possible to stop this cruelty without hampering our growth?', 'With the advancement in science, it can be made possible that we don’t have to use animals ever again.\xa0\xa0', 'These bio-printed models can also be used by the researchers to conduct experiments on them without using animals for it. A French company is working on a bio-printed liver model to test liver toxicity without having to use animals at all. This is a breakthrough in the field of bio-technology as it can bring down animal experimentation by a large percentage.\xa0 \xa0', 'These alternatives can help in bringing down animal experimentation to a large extent. If science can progress without harming animals then we should go for it rather than putting them through excruciating pain. We must protect the animals as much as we can or else we would soon be living in a world without them.\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-we-ever-understand-the-nature-of-consciousness/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-we-ever-understand-the-nature-of-consciousness/>
{'title': 'Will we ever understand the nature of consciousness?', 'cont': ['The definition of consciousness has been controversial for centuries, hence it is given the title of the ‘most familiar and yet mysterious aspects of our lives’. An idea of this concept would be an awareness in beings of their surroundings, themselves, and their own perception. The reason this part of our mind remains unascertained is that consciousness isn’t observable, unlike brain matter that is studied scientifically. the physical clarification of awareness is in a general sense incomplete: it doesn’t include what it feels to be the subject, for the subject. There likewise is by all accounts an unbridgeable illustrative gap between the physical world and our consciousness. As suggested by an incident of Eastern and Shamir traditions, consciousness is both universal and primal. Whilst we have made tremendous progress in understanding brain activity over the years, this research hasn’t been able to answer all the questions relating to the nature of emotions and experiences.', 'Beginning within the late nineteenth century, this was a time that once had psychological queries driven by a philosophical understanding of the mind, which was typically equated with consciousness. As a result, the analysis of brain and behavior naturally thought of the role of consciousness in behavioral management by the brain.', 'The Ancient Mayans were among the first to propose a sorted out feeling of each degree of consciousness, its purpose, and its worldly association with mankind. Since consciousness incorporates stimuli from nature as well as interior stimuli, the Mayans trusted it to be the most essential type of existence, equipped for evolution. The Incas, however, thought about consciousness as a movement of mindfulness as well as of worry for others too.', 'John Locke, an early philosopher, said that consciousness, and so individuality, are freelanced of all substances. He also detected that there is no reason to believe that consciousness is stuck to any specific body or mind, or that consciousness cannot be transferred from one body or mind to a different one. Karl Marx, another early thinker, denies the mind-body classification and holds that consciousness is jeopardized by the material eventualities of one’s settings. William James, an American psychologist, differentiated consciousness to a stream – unbroken and continuous despite several changes and shifts.', 'While the main center of a lot of the analysis moved to strictly note cable behaviors throughout the primary half of the twentieth century, analysis of human consciousness has grown staggeringly after the 1950s.', 'In Sigmund Freud’s psychoanalytic theory, we can see that he believed that all three levels of awareness- preconscious, conscious, and unconscious were responsible for one’s behavior and thinking. He believed that the mid itself was divided into three parts- the id, the ego, and the superego. The Id is present at birth, instinctual, and operates according to the pleasure principle. The ego underseals reality and logic and develops out of the id in infancy. Finally, the superego is an internalization of society’s moral standards and responsible for guilt. Now, the Id is regarded as unconscious, whereas the ego and superego are also conscious and preconscious. Freud constantly revised his own clinical qualities researches, however, and didn’t conduct scientific experiments and hence his work is heavily scrutinized, leaving the questions unanswered.\xa0\xa0', 'Sigmund Freud’s theory differed from the other psychologists since his theories were more understandable and very easily conveyed to the people. Sigmund Freud’s work and hypotheses helped people shape their perspectives on youth, character, memory, sexuality, and therapy. However, his theories were subject to considerable criticism both now and during his own life. Whilst John Locke and William James took a more practical approach to the mystery by conducting experiments, Sigmund Freud didn’t provide any evidence to support his claims.', 'Today, the essential focal point of consciousness research is on understanding what consciousness implies both biologically and mentally. Issues of interest include phenomena such as perception, blindsight, brainwaves during sleep, and altered states of consciousness produced by psychoactive drugs.', 'A greater part of the test assesses consciousness by approaching human subjects for a verbal report of their encounters. However, to confirm the criticalness of these verbal reports, researchers must contrast them with the action that all the while happens in the brain —that is, they should search for the neural connections of consciousness.', 'Hope is to locate that noticeable action in a specific aspect of the brain, or a particular pattern of global brain activity, will be greatly predictive of consciousness mindfulness. A few brain imaging strategies, for example, EEG and MRI scans, have been utilized for physical proportions of brain activities in these examinations.', 'A few investigations have shown that movement in essential primary sensory areas of the brain isn’t adequate to create consciousness: it is workable for subjects to report an absence of awareness in any event, when areas, for example, the primary visual cortex show clear electrical reactions to a stimulus. Higher brain areas are viewed as all the more encouraging, particularly the prefrontal cortex, which is involved in a range of high order functions.', 'One mainstream theory implicates various examples of brain waves in creating various conditions of consciousness. Analysts can record mind waves, or drawings of electrical movement inside the cerebrum, using an electroencephalograph (EEG) and placing electrodes on the scalp. The four types of brain waves (alpha, beta, theta, and delta) each correspond with one mental state (relaxed, alert, lightly asleep, and deeply asleep)', 'Episodic memory can be regarded as the only form of conscious memory. This is because it is the capacity to consciously remember personally experienced events and situations in the past. The hippocampus located in the brain’s temporal lobe is responsible for this type of memory.', 'Consciousness also plays a part in important memory distinctions. One such distinction is the implicit and explicit characteristics; in which explicit memory is what you consciously know and implicit memory includes events you may not be conscious of.', 'Furthermore, several empirical findings suggest that declarative memory is related to consciousness as well; meaning that the retrieval and formation of this memory are connected to awareness. Working memory operates/maintains consciously perceived information as well since it temporarily stores and tampers with information whilst working on tasks.', 'The current ways of testing this information are lacking in several essential aspects, including spatial resolution, temporal resolution, or scope. Examples of such methods are PET, fMRI, EEG, implanted electrodes, etc.', 'PET and fMRI have temporal resolution problems, EEG is well-known to have localizability difficulties, and implanted electrodes whilst great in temporal and spatial resolution can only test a set number of neurons; that is, they are restricted in scope. Hence, huge numbers of our speculations, while testable on a fundamental level, appear to be difficult to test as of now.', 'Consciousness has an influence on the way we see objects around us, which encourages us to settle on choices about how to communicate with them. Experiencing difficulty perceiving objects is connected to a few problems, for example, agnosia (a failure to decipher visual data), Alzheimer’s disease, and autism. However, we actually don’t comprehend what visual data is basic for the mind to intentionally perceive an object.', 'Several different disorders of consciousness include locked-in syndrome, minimally conscious state, persistent vegetative state, chronic coma, and brain death.', 'Locked-in syndrome, otherwise called pseudo coma, is a condition wherein a patient is aware however can’t move or impart verbally because of complete loss of motion of essentially all voluntary muscles in the body aside from vertical eye developments and squinting. The individual is conscious and is able to speak with eye movements.', 'In a minimally conscious state, the patient has intermittent periods of awareness and wakefulness. Patients need to give restricted, however reproducible indications of consciousness of themself or their current circumstance. This could be following straightforward orders, comprehensible speech, or purposeful conduct.', 'In a persistent vegetative state, the patient has sleep-wake cycles, but lacks awareness, is not able to communicate, and only displays reflexive and non-purposeful behavior. The term refers to an organic body that is able to grow and develop devoid of intellectual activity or social intercourse', 'Like coma, chronic coma results generally from cortical or white-matter harm after neuronal or axonal injury, or from central brainstem sores. Usually, the metabolism in the grey matter decreases to 50-70% of the normal range. The patient lies with eyes shut and doesn’t know about self or environmental factors.', 'Brain death is the irreversible end of all brain activity, and function (including involuntary activity necessary to sustain life). The main cause is total necrosis of the cerebral neurons following loss of brain oxygenation. After brain death the patient lacks any sense of awareness; sleep-wake cycles or behavior, and typically look as if they are dead or are in a deep sleep state.', 'As we can see from the history of scholar’s endeavors to study consciousness empirically, its nature is not one that can be defined using scientific methods. In the past, psychologists such as Descartes came up with dualistic theories that did not line up with the fundamental laws of physics. In the battle between realists and illusionists, taking sides is fundamentally impossible as the topic doesn’t allow for concrete evidence.', 'As we can observe from neural examinations of the brain to detect the causes of consciousness, there is no sensory sector of the brain that is the cause for one to be aware during a certain event even if there are clear signs of a reaction to a stimulus. Similarly, even though consciousness plays a major role in memory, we currently lack the facilities to research it fully. In the future, there is a possibility that we will be able to access such facilities, however, which could allow us to find the neural connections and its ties to mental illness as well. Not only would this help several people by making us aware of the causes of our perspective on certain things, but it would also give us a better chance of recognizing signs of possible mental illness or other issues beforehand.', 'As it seems, researchers continue to study this unknown part of our mind and once we are able to fund and recover from the global pandemic, we will be able to answer one of psychology’s most difficult questions.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:46 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-we-ever-colonize-outer-space/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:47 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/will-we-ever-colonize-outer-space/>
{'title': 'Will we ever colonize outer space?', 'cont': ['Nature has blessed humanity with earth, a rounded globe where all essential necessity lies in the hand of a human. Though in this 21st-century building Space shuttle and exploring space has become an obvious activity among the human raise, now with the inclusion of Start-ups like Space X once dreamed for reaching out at space now is coming true. We all have to agree upon a fact that in the Growth of industrialization we have generated a humungous carbon footprint and colonize at outer space will create a much-needed area for our survival.', 'With time the human race has visualized and has undergone many transformations, and these transformations may for starters were not that effective but were a major role at existence to this age. Be it a natural transformation like shifting of tectonic plates or manmade like Dumping water and damaging water bodies, somehow have affected usual life of humans so creating space of humans is what next humans are eyeing for.', 'All this idea for Colonizing in outer space emerged when NASA was able to launch a space shuttle with a heavy payload in the late 1990s this idea didn’t stir brain at that time but later was like apple eyes when various articles from astronauts and their writeup came into limelight and this idea saw its progression, space exploration was not a new normal, companies were petrified by the number of investments that these kinds of projects ask for. But things change with the entry of PayPal’s owner Elon Musk, in 2002 where he laid stones of Space X, with NASA providing the launchpad for their exploration.', 'Being space travel legitimate there where many bottlenecks knowing the nature of outer space will boost the idea of colonizing, here one has to realize the optimum. But the main target that these company put forward with themself was to not just get into other planet but to get back at earth safely, earlier these projects due to high fund was always subdued and priority was given to the rocket technology. Thus, this unimaginable quest for the search of space was far-fetched though.', 'Now being in 2020 we do not find it out of a place of colonizing outside of space, the kind of emergence of technologies has led to the escalation of spreading the roots of human existence, the plan for reaching out to outer space too plays a key role for this idea too. Proper Planning, Analysing, Organising, and Executing were required for these projects to be successful for deeper know how I would like to mention here an example of Space X, According to them they wud be successful for sending Rockets by 2022 and would able to colonize by 2050, For achieving these vision they have planned a total of 36 times pre-launch of the same rocket which they will be launching by 2020. Not only that they have already placed their star link satellites which will provide the basic network connectivity for their colonized world, they have planned this to that extent that they have targeted a profit of $ 22 billion yearly by 2025. Already they have sent the first manned rocket successfully what Elon musk plan is to create that infrastructure by which going to Mars with cost as a regular air flight ticket all this will lead to better chances for colonizing at another planet. With setting up their commercial flight once started to the red planet it wud just be a stepping stone for the colonizing at the outer space.', 'But the fundamental change that people have to undergo while living on another planet will be a change in gravity and being able to be near to live support if any technical issues arise to their suit until unless we find a similar place like the earth that is the change which humans have to adjust. Aspects like Ultraviolet rays too will play an immense role in the survival, but with the rate of technology expanding and challenging at very boundaries there are not many days left when we find solutions to these aspects but this idea of colonizing has more to do with monetary terms it has been projected that building a colony at space will cost at about $10 Trillian which is more than many countries GDP. Placing that much of an amount and getting funding for such highly anticipated projects is tough. Elon to have addressed with these questions with an open Door he believes that this cost is nothing when we find a route to colonize space and these costs will be justifiable when space exploration will reach new heights.', 'Also, our world is around water and the percentage of land comparison to water is too less. Whereas the population is increasing with the speed and the level of excitement in order to search for new things and the obsession with the new and innovative things never going to finish. Because in the end, we do not satisfy what we have achieved, we are only looking for other things and crave to achieve that.', 'In order to achieve that planning is most crucial stage. As of now we have searched 9 planets but still didn’t shortlisted the outcomes. But according to the 3-decade theory of ELON MUSK, it seems to be possible.', 'As the most important thing to survive is the atmospheric environment, whether is this suitable or not, and in order to make it suitable what steps had to take and maintain the suitable level of oxygen.\xa0 The missions are now what everyone is focusing about. Finding the source of water, because its 2', ' crucial thing which is needed to survive.', 'Apart from the excitement and the things, the threats or the uncertainties are bound to happen like any kind of mammal which could occur during construction or after that. So the security for that or any protection so that uncertainties could be replicated.', 'After the basic things, other factors like what are the natural habitats available there, whether the plants could be grown over there or not. If yes, then what types of plants could survive there.', 'The environment for the animals is safe or not. Because to balance the nature we need all types of animals, natural habitat, even insects and other small things which seems to be ignorable but plays an important role in maintaining the environmental balance. For e.g.\xa0 – Ants are among the leading predators of other insects, helping to keep pest populations low.\xa0 Ants move approximately the same amount of soil as earthworms, loosening the soil in the process and increasing air and water movement into the ground.\xa0 They keep the ecosystem clean of dead insect carcasses and aid in the destruction and decomposition of plant and animal matter.\xa0So, every small thing contributes in its own way.', 'Another matter of concern is the level of artificial intelligence and machine learning required to maintain that kind of requirement. Because as the current scenario, we need energy to run any vehicle or even for the robotics. So, the availability of the energy and the source of energy is needed.', 'And apart from this, the heat of sun is equally important in order to maintain the level. Because with artificial air we can survive but not for so long. So, in order to remain healthy as well the calculation has to be done. When thinking about disease, you may have heard in the news about the concern that antibiotics (such as penicillin) – which help fight infections – may eventually stop working. Global health organisations are trying to reduce the use of antibiotics, especially for conditions that aren’t serious. This is because their overuse in recent years means that they’re becoming less effective.', 'But still we can survive without antibiotics. Because there are ways\xa0of dealing with diseases caused by bacteria such as isolation which is how they were treated before penicillin.', 'It might sound like something set firmly in the realm of fantasy, but experts in private industry and governments around the world are trying to understand how feasible it would be to establish a lunar base. Some scientists think humans could survive comfortably on the moon. In some ways, the very minimal gravity of the moon might actually be more conducive to life than the microgravity astronauts experience on the International Space Station.', 'Although it hasn’t been formally tested, some experts hypothesize that the small amount of gravitational force put on an astronaut’s body when on the moon\xa0could help stem some of the adverse effects like bone-density and muscle loss that space flyers experience while living in microgravity on the International Space Station.', 'By using the moon’s indigenous material, space agencies can save money on the cost of flying pricey missions to and from the moon’s surface.\xa0Once on the moon, instead of having to stage costly missions aimed at delivering oxygen and other necessary resources from Earth, experts might be able to actually use the material to manufacture gasses needed to sustain life on the satellite.', 'On earth, we are protected from radioactive solar winds and cosmic rays by our own magnet field known as the magnetosphere. But out in the space, we can’t rely on this type of protection, and in order to make that protection, it could take a lot but yes with more upgraded technology it could achieve.', 'Although till now the approximate value of the project is $10 trillion. But the aim is to make the fare equivalent to the normal air fare.', 'As once we are comfortable with all the resources, securities for uncertainties, risk analysis, and the probability of survival of the human being and many other factors after consideration, then development won’t take much time.', 'Because to construct a building it take normally 8-9 months. Which is totally acceptable.', 'But the main concern is the density of the land, i.e. whether the land has the capacity to bear that much weight or not. And the type of land is adaptable for cultivation or nor. Although land can be converted into different types of cultivation but with the help of upgraded technology.', 'In order to transport the equipments on the regular basis, a large amount of fuel Is required, and other factors as well and Built the propellor depo for rocket landing building various infrastructure for the city one by one will create a way forward for idea of Colonizing at outer space.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:47 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-chance-homo-sapiens-will-survive-for-the-next-500-years/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:47 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-chance-homo-sapiens-will-survive-for-the-next-500-years/>
{'title': 'What is the chance Homo sapiens will survive for the next 500 years?', 'cont': ['We’ve really done it this year. Like an insatiable glutton, the law of averages has come home to roost. We should’ve taken the hint when on the 1', ' of January, 66 people lost their lives in the Jakarta floods. What followed was like the highlights reel of a disaster movie franchise – a volcanic eruption in The Philippines, irrepressible bushfires in Australia, earthquakes in Russia, Iran, Turkey, India, and China. And speaking of China.', '2020 has brought home the fragile mortality of the human race into sharp focus. As global Covid-19 deaths stoutly push past the grim 1 million marks, we have no choice but to question our place in the universe – are we the all-conquering masters of our domain, or mere tourists in a ruthlessly apathetic ecosystem? Is the human race on the ubiquitous three-part literary arc that defines every story, every life, every civilization – ascent, apex, and descent? Maybe when Michael Jackson unveiled his moonwalk in 1983, or when Barack Obama stepped into the White House as President of the United States in 2008, or indeed when MS Dhoni lifted the Cricket World Cup in 2011, we peaked, as a species, and everything since then has been a steady unraveling.', '500 years is a long time. For context, the world population in 1500 AD was a mere 461 million. The 16-fold explosion since then is unprecedented in history, but we might just be at the tip of an iceberg. Though fertility rates are dropping and more and more people are foregoing the chance to have babies, we might just have crossed the threshold – the population projections for the year 2050 is 9.8 billion, and for 2100 is a whopping 11.2 billion1. Somewhere out there, Malthus is cackling in his grave. The year 2500 suddenly seems a long way off, and this conversation seems ever-more pertinent today. The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists is not optimistic – the famed Doomsday Clock they maintain is the closest to ‘midnight’ (our proximity to global catastrophe), since its inception in 1947. Global warming? Check. The threat of nuclear war? Check. Ongoing pandemic? Check, check, check.', 'And yet, hope floats, for three reasons. Mankind may just have its back to the wall right now, but there are three shoots of potential that might just help us make it to 2500 AD – the advent of a basket of disruptive technologies (artificial intelligence, bio-enhancement, genetic engineering), the private sector focus on space exploration and terraforming, and good old fashioned human resilience. While the first two factors will no doubt be critical to human survival, it is the third one that we must pin our hopes on – our long-demonstrated history of surviving whatever nature, the universe, or our own self-destructive tendency, throws our way.', 'In the 13', ' century, in the Italian town of Pisa, an enterprising tinkerer developed the first eyeglasses, for a local friar with weakening eyesight', '. All of a sudden, there existed an external device that could amplify our senses, a tool that gave us an advantage in survival. Today, LASIK surgeries obviate the need for eyeglasses entirely. Hearing aids give the gift of auditory perception back to those who had gotten used to a world of muffled voices and unheard sounds. The iPhone routinely comes with an augmented reality tool that allows us to measure the length of objects in front of us.', 'But the real science starts where the imagination ends – augmented reality glasses, smart wearables, and virtual reality tools will be ubiquitous in the next few decades. But what after that? Science has the answer, and it’s both thrilling and scary. Artificial intelligence has become the stuff of fable, the filler for all questions left unanswered. But AI, combined with bio-enhancement and genetic engineering, might just lead to the evolution of what some are calling Homo ', '. Homo ', 'will be smarter, faster, more agile, and better equipped to adapt to what promises to be a world that is VUCA beyond our imaginations. What might such a human being look like?', 'They might have a small chip embedded in their brain that utilizes artificial intelligence for enhanced sensory perception. What does that mean? It means that they would be able to see better, focuses their attention for longer, hears what they want to hear, and communicate the appropriate reaction to the rest of the body. Through a chemical in the blood, this AI chip would be able to demand the appropriate response from the body. Bio-augmentation of limbs and organs, internal and external, would mean that what a person can or cannot do is no longer determined at birth, but can simply be bought. All of a sudden, the average Joe can run faster than Usain Bolt, swim better than Michael Phelps, and…fly? Maybe. Genetic engineering will be the missing link. Already there are feverish conversations about a dystopian future featuring designer babies and a digital divide that simply cannot be overcome because it is inbuilt into one’s DNA. The breakthrough with CRISPR-Cas9 might just be the key to unlock the mysteries of DNA manipulation. So what if there’s no food left? Our body AI will adjust our appetite accordingly. No water? Absorb humidity from the air through specialized pores in the skin. The human being in 2500 AD may not be how we recognize one today. That may be our only shot.', 'SpaceX, led by its mercurial leader Elon Musk, has been the leader here. The SpaceX Mars Programme is based on a very simple premise – as the earth’s closest planet in terms of distance and terrestrial conditions, Mars would be our best bet for colonization. Musk has invested billions of dollars in the Mars Space Programme and remains a fervent believer in the concept. And among tech visionaries, Musk is not alone. Jeff Bezos, the richest man in the world, owns Blue Origin, which simply aims to make spaceflight cheaper through incremental technological growth. Bezos, who took an online retailer of books and turned it into an ever-expanding behemoth, is not a man who thinks small. With more and more business leaders finding spaceflight and planetary colonization a tantalizing prospect, there will inevitably be a concerted push to developing an actual colony on another planet. And when the pull-factor to this development starts hitting diminishing returns, there will be the inevitable push factor as global warming and the possible increase in the eruption of pandemics begin to take their toll. It might just become a more feasible option for people to find an alternate home, if not on Mars, then on one of Saturn’s moons.', 'A human colony on Mars sounds like a concept straight out of science fiction, but so did a permanent station in Antarctica until a few decades ago. Mount Everest seemed like an unapproachable summit until someone went ahead and planted a flag at the peak. Today, hundreds of people every year attempt the climb. As spaceflight becomes more reasonable, as the urge to explore supersedes the inertia of investment, we become closer to our best chance of survival – leaving planet earth behind and finding another home, perhaps one more forgiving of our follies.', 'The introduction to this article includes an illustrative list of disasters and misfortunes that have struck the global community ', '. And yet, we survive. Businesses surge ahead, people adapt to a world of masks and social distancing, the world goes on. Earthquakes, tsunamis, pandemics, we’ve seen them all before and survived, and the human race, in its intrepid exploration of the world, pushes onward and upward. Technological visionaries envision a future that the rest of us cannot see, and then invest money in their vision. Gradually, what seemed unthinkable suddenly becomes real – the moon landing is the best possible example of that. Google launched Google Glass as the first augmented reality wearable technology, and suddenly we could foresee a future with smart eyewear. While the product didn’t quite catch on, that doesn’t mean other companies aren’t trying. Bio-augmentation is already a fast-developing industry, while CRISPR-Cas9, the “genetic scissors” is being held back only by regulatory bottlenecks. How long before the prospect of fiddling with the gene code becomes not a luxury but a necessity? The human spirit, the tendency to survive and thrive at all costs, will eventually win.', 'The human race will survive to 2500, of that there is no doubt. The real question is, will the person who exists in 2500, with bionic chips and a bio-enhanced body structure and a modified genetic code, be called a Homo ', 'Or is Homo ', 'the way forward?']}
2022-07-07 01:09:47 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/why-does-your-business-need-a-chatbot/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:47 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/why-does-your-business-need-a-chatbot/>
{'title': 'Why does your business need a chatbot?', 'cont': ['Mr. Sakamoto is a bonsai artist, lives downtown Kyoto, Japan. Bonsai is a Japanese art form that is the cultivation of small trees in a small or medium container. He is in this field of business for the last ten years and he loves what he does on a daily basis. People from different cities in Japan, come to buy his artwork. But, in the early stage of his business, he was just another regular Bosai artist. His popularity has increased because of the stories he tells for every art he is selling. His customer immediately loved him for this while buying A Bonsai art. He loved to sell his customer with his artwork and a story related to that product which resurrects his presence through his art in customers. Soon enough his business thrived and nowadays he is always busy. After the digital revolution, although his sales increased, he was not happy. He was not satisfied. Something is eating up his mind day by day. He could not understand what’s the reason behind his remorse.', 'A chatbot is an awesome invention of the digital revolution. It is the real-life embodiment of Customer Engagement. Every business needs this feature- will be an understatement. Because Customer engagement is the base of any business. The chatbot does the exact thing digitally. It helps customers to answer the queries and tell about the product that the business has to offer is a fully automated way with vibrant customizations.', '\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Mr. Sakamoto is running his business for the last fifteen years now. And now he is happy that he was not for the past couple of years. The rationale behind his happiness is the chatbot. Though he has a website and app to sell his Bonsai art, he could not engage with the customers in the way he wanted to. He has trained his employees and apprentices, but they are not providing the same service in the way he does. He was unsatisfied and the chatbot relives him from his sadness. He has done all that at affordable prices in no time.', 'Let’s understand the Mr. Sakamoto’s “Mondai Nai”- perspective about why chatbot is the answer of his problems.', 'This is the fundamental and root cause for which Mr. Sakamoto has to implement the chatbot in the first place. His stories are embedded with each art. The product which he sells needs this story to be with it. His stories which were not been told to all the customers before are now sharing with this chatbot and building the trust between them. We all can agree on this one statement that trust is the most impactful aspect, maybe the best of aspects, in the relation between any customer and business-owner, whether the business is small, medium, or large.', 'Millennials, a word that was not introduced before 1990. The generation which is stuck in between Gen-x and Gen-y. A generation of people accustomed to both digitization and old culture. They are the most targeted audience in this era. What else would be more approachable to this generation than a chatbot? It’s easy, less time consuming to use. Mr. Sakamoto is now one of the few Gen-x persons who can do business with the millennial so easily.', 'Mr. Sakamoto has some employees and apprentices. He has trained them as per his needs. But there is a limit. They can’t deliver the exact things that he can or the way he does. Neither chatbot can do that exactly, it will accurately follow the instructions. Not only the chatbot solve the queries of the customer in his way, but also give a recommendation to the product in the way he wants too. Is there any more attribute he would care about that? Absolutely no!', 'The most expensive thing for any businessman is the return of their customer with an empty hand because of his unavailability. A chatbot is a perfect way to solve it. For Mr. Sakamoto’s customized chatbot is not only present for customers in their availability, but also It was giving the response to the customer in all the time zone, all over the world. Mr. Sakamoto wouldn’t be happier for this feature.', 'In the era of globalization, what is more, helpful than a chatbot? It can be customized in any language. It can be accessed by any human being residing in any part of the world. And at the end of the day, when that foreigner is happy with the buy and the felicitation and says “Arigato” but in his own language, at that moment he feels so warm and happy.', 'Handling a lot of customers is really hard. He assigned employees, but the rate is growing fast. So, in the competition of the market, Mr. Sakamoto took the help of a chatbot. Now this automated customized application is handling a greater number of customers than his employees can do. His business is growing exponentially.', 'Now, when you found out why Mr. Sakamoto is happy and his business is growing in this competitive industry then, do you still have a question in mind that why does your business need a chatbot?']}
2022-07-07 01:09:48 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-you-lead-a-project-or-a-team-without-any-technical-expertise/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-you-lead-a-project-or-a-team-without-any-technical-expertise/>
{'title': 'How you lead a project or a team without any technical expertise?', 'cont': ['Have you ever wondered what’s common between Sir Alex Ferguson, Pep Guardiola, and Jose Mourinho? I know it might look a lame question, especially to the ardent football followers. At first instinct, the answer is that they are regarded as the top managers in the football universe. #UCLwinners. But when given a closer look, these managers, weren’t that great when it came to their careers as football players. Any naïve observer can build a fallacy of causation and correlation that those who don’t have a great career as a football player will go on to become a great football manager. But is this restricted just to football? Mike Brearley, one of the greatest captains in the history of cricket and the author of the book the art of captaincy, wasn’t the prolific batsman of his time. Our former President, A P J Abdul Kalam didn’t have a political background, but was still appointed as the president of our country and went to become one of the finest presidents our country has ever had. So, can it be stated with confidence that great leaders need not be the expert in their respective fields?', 'Let’s understand the leadership role, types of leaders, and explore a few more perspectives before we arrive at a conclusion.\xa0', 'Let’s start by first understanding what or who is a leader. A leader is not a position or a designation. It’s a virtue if employed correctly. From a janitor to the CEO, from a student to a researcher, from a content writer to a philosopher everybody is a leader. (#leadersareeverywhere) So, what are the virtues of a leader? One of the famous personality trait theories, the Big 5 personality trait theory is always linked closely with leadership. As per the various researches, the personality traits of extraversion, openness, and conscientiousness are associated with leaders more often than the other two traits. Not just these humble and empathetic are also considered as the adjectives that are frequently associated with leaders. But nowhere is technical expertise related to a leader. ', 'As stated by Colin Powell Leadership is the art of accomplishing more than the science of management says is possible. ', ' If leadership is an art and leaders are the artists then more or less the leaders can be viewed as directors of the films who are organizing, arranging, managing, and directing the scenes. Another analogy for that can be the orchestra where the conductor is using the baton/stick to set the rhythm of the band. So, is it necessary for the conductor to himself or herself by a great violinist? No. When it comes to the corporate sector the leader need not be an expert on the technology but should know how the technology functions so that he/she can utilize it in the best possible way. They can allocate the task of building technology to the right technical experts. And how do the leaders identify the right person for that job? Or how do leaders know what qualities to look for in a person? #Experience. Every great leader once started off as one of the frontline workers or at the bottom of the pyramid in the hierarchical structure. Even though they might not have had the technical expertise in their respective fields, their visionary outlook, their management skills, and the experience they gathered helped them in achieving their targets. Leaders can always take the assistance of the subject matter experts to guide them in situations of technical difficulties. As per the great man, situational and trait theory of leadership, leadership is innate to the person. Leadership though can be conditioned or can be brought out in a person by rewarding him, great leaders show unconditional attachment towards their vision. Everyone knows how to read a map, but which path to choose isn’t something that can be taught. Leaders give the direction or vision to the company and drive it closer to the target that the company wants to achieve. Leadership theories don’t focus on the technical knowledge of the leaders, but rather more on people skills, their approach towards a problem, and how well they guide and hire others to get the job done, which is also evident as per the managerial skills required as per Robert Katz.', 'Though it can be argued that technical experts are also the great leaders in their areas, but these leaders are generally at the middle management level. As per the different leadership styles, a servant leader is the one who always tries to achieve the goal of the team. These leaders are the ones who have a management objective laid out in front of them and they drive the team closer to achieving the target by having the people-first mindset, a collaborative approach towards solving the problem. These are the people or the leaders needed at the execution level of the project or those who are too close to the employees at the bottom-most level. Since the managers at the top of the pyramid don’t get much time to invest in people they appoint the right people on their behalf to get the job done. \xa0', 'Consider an IT firm. So as per the points mentioned above, does it mean that a leader or the manager shouldn’t know how to code? Depends. If the person is the first line manager then he or she should probably know how to code so that he or she can help the team in achieving the target of producing less garbage which might be one of the project’s KPIs. The project manager, who might be an operations manager, (#MBA) from an IT background, probably need not know what line of code is to be written but should know the algorithms or the logic behind the code so that he or she can validate the code from the client’s perspective. The CEO, might not be from an IT background but should know how to run an IT firm rather than the syntax of the code.', 'But in today’s competitive world leaders can’t be one dimensional. They need to have expertise in multiple areas to be at the top. Mike Brearley if got a chance to play a T20 match, won’t even get picked into aside, not because of his age, but because of his not so great looking batting statistics(#Thegamehaschanged). His leadership skills won’t be enough to get him into the squad. But he can be a great leader if selected to coach the top 15 captains in the world today. As we have already discussed the film directors, their job isn’t to teach the cameramen on how to set up or operate (lens settings, etc) the camera. Their job is to guide the cameramen on what angle it should be held and how he or she should coordinate with the lights crew so that a perfect shot is captured. So even if a leader may not be a technical expert of his field, but if he or she has the right approach and mindset, understands the system and its process, then he or she can hire the best talent for the job and can get the work done by guiding the talent, with his or her vision.', 'So, the answer to the question, which we came across in the first paragraph, is yes and no. Depending upon the position in the hierarchy (yes for a front-line manager and no for a CXO) and the type of the leader you are, the level of technical expertise needed varies. Though as stated earlier by Robert Katz, the CXO’s need to have the least amount of technical expertise, the CXO should know how the technology functions or what are the applications. What processes are to be followed to build the technology. \xa0He or she should now what is to be done rather than how it is to be done, (#itsnothowitswhat). Otherwise, even though the company might be sitting on a gold mine but If the leader isn’t aware of that or isn’t learned enough to know what to do with it, no company can succeed even with having all the resources at their disposal. Leaders command respect and don’t demand it and that’s possible when they give value to their front-line employees, seek timely advice from the technical experts, and put the resources to the best of its uses. Otherwise, you will be surrounded by technical experts like dilberts. ']}
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/can-you-be-great-leader-without-technical-expertise/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/can-you-be-great-leader-without-technical-expertise/>
{'title': 'Can You Be Great Leader Without Technical Expertise', 'cont': ['The word “leadership” can bring to mind a variety of images. For example, A political leader, pursuing a passionate, personal cause or An executive, developing his/her company’s strategy to beat the competition. Leaders help themselves and others to do the right things. They set direction, build an inspiring vision, and create something new. Leadership is about mapping out where you need to go to “win” as a team or an organization; and it is dynamic, exciting, and inspiring.', 'In my point of view we cannot become a good leader without technical expertise because every task in the organization it’s required a lot of skills, knowledge, consistent, enthusiastic, patience, motivating, inspiring, industrious, and critical thinking on the basis of the field we are doing. A leader should have the ability to motivate self and others, effective oral and written communication, critical thinking skills at the working team and delegating a task. Good leaders do have these abilities and if we wanted to create a future leader. They need to take in a large volume of information and to take the essential elements that define the core problem to solve. They need to organize a team to solve these problems and to communicate to a group, they need to established trust with a group and use the trust to allow the team to accomplish the work more than it could be done alone. Though all these skills we have but it’s would not sufficient to make us a great leader because to excel and utilize these abilities in practice we need a lot of technical expertise in a particular domain. For example, Like in a hospital if the head of the hospital is lead by other people rather than Doctor then the hospital would become worse at a point because the person from other fields he could not lead and understand the real scenario and mechanism that the hospital is functioning and he would not understand the staff and the patient as well. Hence, to lead the hospital Doctor is deserved who knows his own field how to lead and understand the real scenario of it. That’s why being a leader requires technical expertise to have great knowledge and understanding about his own organization. Every person if they want to become a leader they should have technical expertise on their own organization so that their organization would run smoothly, hence nobody could run other organization if we do not have the technical expertise on that field.', 'So, be a leader, not a boss which makes your life much better, as they’re a saying that “ A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.”']}
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-artificial-intelligence-affect-the-environment/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-does-artificial-intelligence-affect-the-environment/>
{'title': 'How does artificial intelligence affect the environment', 'cont': ['When we talk about AI, different people have different perspectives about it. There is one group of people, having good knowledge about the real potential of AI, who believe that AI can be a novel solution to many problems that the world is facing today. There is another group of people who are merely threatened by the thought of AI taking over the world.', 'The field of AI took birth when Alan Turing in 1950 had this thought “Can machines think?”. Later in the 1980s, with the adoption of “expert systems” by the companies around the world, the booming of the field of AI was initiated. Initially, it was a matter of awe for everyone to see the results of what AI can achieve. AI’s growth in the past few decades has been exponential and it has transformed the way we live, work and solve challenges. AI has made its impact in a wide variety of areas including healthcare, education, business and many more. But, one of the areas of highest impact that AI has made recently is in the environment and climate change.', 'AI can strengthen climate predictions, enable smarter decision-making for decarbonising industries from building to transport, and work out how to allocate renewable energy. In recent years, AI has been a game-changer in how many people, as well as organizations, deal with climate change. Microsoft believes that artificial intelligence, often encompassing machine learning and deep learning, is a “game-changer” for climate change and environmental issues. The company’s ‘AI for Earth’ program has committed $50 million over five years to create and test new applications for AI.', 'AI is increasingly used to manage the intermittency of renewable energy so that more can be incorporated into the grid; it can handle power fluctuations and improve energy storage as well. Wind companies are using AI to get each turbine’s propeller to produce more electricity per rotation by incorporating real-time weather and operational data.', 'AI can also improve energy efficiency on the city scale by incorporating data from smart meters and the Internet of Things (the internet of computing devices that are embedded in everyday objects, enabling them to send and receive data) to forecast energy demand. Besides, artificial intelligence systems can simulate potential zoning laws, building ordinances, and flood plains to help with urban planning and disaster preparedness. One vision for a sustainable city is to create an “urban dashboard” consisting of real-time data on energy and water use and availability, traffic and weather to make cities more energy-efficient and livable.', 'Hotter temperatures will have significant impacts on agriculture as well. Data from sensors in the field that monitor crop moisture, soil composition and temperature help AI improve production and know when crops need watering. Incorporating this information with that from drones, which are also used to monitor conditions, can help increasingly automatic AI systems know the best times to plant, spray and harvest crops, and when to head off diseases and other problems. This will result in increased efficiency, enhanced yields, and lower use of water, fertilizer and pesticides.', 'When we talk about the effect of AI in the environment and climate, both sides of the coin must be elucidated. So, apart from all the positives discussed above, the usage of AI also has a downside.', 'Last year’s World Economic Forum report showed that while AI can address some of Earth’s environmental challenges, it is important to manage it properly. According to the forum and experts in the field, AI has the potential to accelerate environmental degradation. The use of power-intensive GPUs to run machine learning training has already been cited as contributing to increased C02 emissions.', 'Although AI has been around for about half a century, the question of environmental impact – and other ethical issues – is only arising now because the techniques developed over decades can now be used in combination with an explosion in data and strong computational power.', 'For all the advances enabled by artificial intelligence, from speech recognition to self-driving cars, AI systems consume a lot of power and can generate high volumes of climate-changing carbon emissions.', 'A study last year found that training an off-the-shelf AI language-processing system produced 1,400 pounds of emissions – about the amount produced by flying one person roundtrip between New York and San Francisco. But there are ways to make machine learning cleaner and greener, a movement that has been called “Green AI.” Some algorithms are less power-hungry than others, for example, and many training sessions can be moved to remote locations that get most of their power from renewable sources.', 'The key, however, is for AI developers and companies to know how much their machine learning experiments are spewing and how much those volumes could be reduced.', 'To prevent this, the proposition by the World Economic Forum report is that advancements in “safe” AI should be pursued, to ensure that humanity is not developing AI that is harmful to the environment. Specifically, the World Economic Forum said in its report that AI developers “must incorporate the health of the natural environment as a fundamental dimension.” This means safeguarding against models that will demand the consumption of energy or natural resources beyond what is sustainable, among other factors. In a sense, all programs need to be designed with the dimension of environmental protection and improvement in mind.', 'In the future development of AI programs, it will also be important to note the environmental impact of creating these systems in the first place. According to an academic study on energy usage for deep learning processes, the creation of an effective AI might be costly to the environment. Nearly 300,000 kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions are created during the process of training a single model. This is basically equal to the emissions of five average cars in the United States. Considering the negative environmental impact in addition to the positive implications of AI and climate change will be crucial, moving forward.', 'There is always room for improvement, some pioneers of machine learning recently published a paper called ', ' was discussed at a major AI conference. David Rolnick, a postdoctoral fellow of the University of Pennsylvania said “call to arms” which means to bring researchers together.', 'This paper covers thirteen areas of research where machine learning can be used, including energy production, CO2 removal, education, solar geoengineering, finance and many more. The main idea is to build more energy-efficient buildings, creating new low-carbon materials, high tech monitoring of deforestation and greener transportation sources. Artificial intelligence and machine learning can be a medium but the real work is to be done by us as a caretaker of mother earth.', '\xa0The kick start was already done by ', ' in 2011 which regulates the collaboration of data science and climate science. It covers a wide range of topics like improving prediction of extreme events such as hurricanes, paleoclimatology, collecting data from ice cores, climate up-down scaling and its impact on us.', 'Claire Monteleoni, a computer science professor at the University of Colorado concludes that AI/ ML models generally forecast for the short-term. There is a significant difference when it comes to long-term forecasting.', 'The first system was developed at Princeton in the 1960s. All the AI/ ML models developed till now revolve around atmosphere, oceans, land, cryosphere or ice. AI can help to achieve new heights with the amount of data collected at this point of time, and compute more complex climate conditions using climate modeling algorithms.', 'We all know that climate change is real and the rise in atmospheric temperature the proof, but to make it more realistic, Montreal Institute of Learning Algorithms (MILA), Microsoft and ConscientAI Labs uses Generative Adversarial Networks popularly know as GANs to simulate what mother earth will look like with the rising sea levels, atmospheric temperature, air pollution and intensive storms.', 'The project is deployed for the people to look at what their places will look like in the future when there will be a significant climate change.', 'Short answer, yes. Tracking of carbon emission is one of the agendas of the UN. For this year 2020, the UN’s goal is to prevent new coal plants from being built. Satellite images come into picture using deep learning techniques, data science researchers can analyze these high quality satellite images and track the emission. Google is expanding its horizon of nonprofit’s satellite imagery, including gas-powered plants emissions which can be used by researchers to track the pollution. There are countries organizations which govern CO2 emission on the ground level but these data are unreachable by global monitoring associations.', 'AI can automate the analysis of images of power plants to get regular updates on emissions. It also introduces new ways to measure a plant’s impact, by crunching numbers of nearby infrastructure and electricity use. That’s beneficial for gas-powered plants that don’t have the easy-to-measure plumes that coal-powered plants have.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-overcome-your-fear-of-making-mistakes-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:49 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-overcome-your-fear-of-making-mistakes-2/>
{'title': 'How to Overcome Your Fear of Making Mistakes', 'cont': ['No one can reduce mistakes to zero, but you can learn to harness your drive to prevent them and channel it into better decision making. Use these tips to become a more effective worrier.', 'Our culture glorifies fearlessness. The traditional image of a leader is one who is smart, tough, and unafraid. But fear, like any emotion, has an evolutionary purpose and upside. Your concern about making mistakes is there to remind you that we’re in a challenging situation. A cautious leader has value. This is especially true in times like these. So don’t get caught up in ruminating: “I shouldn’t be so fearful.”', 'Don’t be ashamed or afraid of your fear of making mistakes and don’t interpret it as evidence that you’re an indecisive leader, or not bold, not visionary. If you have a natural tendency to be\xa0prevention-focused, channel it to be bold and visionary! (If you struggle to believe this, identify leaders who have done just that by figuring out how to prevent disasters.)', 'Fear of mistakes can paralyze people.\xa0Emotional agility skills\xa0are an antidote to this paralysis. This process starts with labeling your thoughts and feelings, such as “I feel anxious I’m not going to be able to control my customers enough to keep my staff safe.” Stating your fears out loud helps diffuse them. It’s like turning the light on in a dark room. Next comes accepting reality. For example, “I understand that people will not always behave in ideal ways.” List off every truth you need to accept. Then comes acting your values. Let’s say one of your highest values is conscientiousness. How might that value apply in this situation? For example, it might involve making sure your employees all have masks that fit them well or feel comfortable airing any grievances they have. Identify your five most important values related to decision-making in a crisis. Then ask yourself how each of those is relevant to the important choices you face.', 'Repeat this process for each of your fears. It will help you tolerate the fact that\xa0we sometimes need to act when the course of action isn’t clear\xa0and avoid the common anxiety trap whereby people try to\xa0reduce uncertainty to zero.', 'Worrying can help you make better decisions if you do it effectively.\xa0Most people don’t. When you worry, it should be solutions-focused, not just perseverating on the presence of a threat. Direct your worry towards behaviors that will realistically reduce the chances of failure.', 'We can control systems, not outcomes. What are your systems and processes for avoiding making mistakes? Direct your worries into answering questions like these: Is the data you’re relying on reliable? What are the limitations of it? How do your systems help prevent groupthink? What procedures do you have in place to help you see your blind spots? How do you ensure that you hear valuable perspectives from underrepresented stakeholders? What are your processes for being alerted to a problem quickly and rectifying it if a decision has unexpected consequences?', 'When we’re scared of making a mistake, our thinking can narrow around that particular scenario. Imagine you’re out walking at night. You’re worried about tripping, so you keep looking down at your feet. Next thing you know you’ve walked into a lamp post. Or, imagine the person who is scared of flying. They drive everywhere, even though driving is objectively more dangerous. When you open the aperture, it can help you see your greatest fears in the broader context of all the other threats out there. This can help you get a better perspective on what you fear the most.', 'It might seem illogical that you could reduce your fear of making a mistake by thinking about other negative outcomes. But this strategy can help kick you into problem-solving mode and lessen the mental grip a particular fear has on you. A leader might be so highly focused on minimizing or optimizing for one particular thing, they don’t realize that other people care most about something else. Find out what other people’s priorities are.', 'Fear grabs us. It makes it difficult to direct our attention away. This is how it is designed to work so that we don’t ignore threats. Some people react to fear with extreme hypervigilance. They want to be on guard, at their command post, at all times. This might manifest as behavior like staying up all night to work.', 'That type of adrenalin-fueled behavior can have short-term value, but it can also be myopic. A different approach can be more useful for bigger picture thinking. We need leisure (and sleep!) to step back, integrate the threads of our thinking, see blindspots, and think creatively. Get some silent time. Although much maligned, a game of golf might be exactly what you need to think about tough problems holistically.', 'As mentioned, when people are fearful they can go into always-on monitoring mode. You may have the urge to constantly look at what everyone else is doing, to always be on social media, or check data too frequently. This can result in information overload. Your mind can become so overwhelmed that you start to feel cloudy or shut down. Recognize if you’re doing this and limit over-monitoring or over checking. Avoid panicked, frenzied behavior.', 'On its own, being afraid of making mistakes doesn’t make you more or less likely to make good decisions. If you worry excessively in a way that focuses only on how bad the experience of stress and uncertainty feels, you might make do or say the wrong things. However, if you understand how anxiety works at a cognitive level, you can use it to motivate careful but bold and well-reasoned choices.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:50 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-perfection-the-greatest-enemy-of-productivity/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:50 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/is-perfection-the-greatest-enemy-of-productivity/>
{'title': 'Is Perfection the Greatest enemy of Productivity?', 'cont': ['What’s perfection really? Does every person expect perfection from oneself or someone else? Or is it in certain amounts? Many times the certain question comes to the mind when we think about what we deem perfect. But how do we verify it?', 'Let us understand this through the work of three individuals who know are to be put on a task in carpentry on a budget. All are given Rs. 5000 (Assumed) to complete this task. They can’t go beyond this budget.', 'Manish, Vinay, and Sameer need to make a stool for themselves each. Manish has no understanding of carpentry; he learns from YouTube. Vinay took his carpentry lessons during engineering, so he has a practical idea of how to make a stool. But Sameer is a Carpenter, so he has a total understanding of the material, process, and final product.', 'Let us start with Manish. Understand that the task is to get their jobs done. Manish has two options here. He can either order parts and assemble it himself or order the material required such as wood, glue, nails, etc and then work on it before the assembly of the final product. The only difference is his lack of expertise in this field.', 'Vinay has the same options but has practical experience from his carpentry classes during the workshop in Engineering. Sameer has an advantage since he has both skill and experience perfected over a course of time.', 'All three are given three days for the task. Since Manish finds it easy to assemble the stool using parts procured from another carpenter; he talks to a carpenter he knows and orders 3 leg parts, 6 horizontal support bars, and one circular base which will sit on the top. Vinay thinks he will be able to shape the parts because of his experience as a student and orders several cylindrical wooden leg parts, cuboidal bars, and a thick sheet. Sameer has all the required material in his shop and he begins to work on the stool on the first day.', 'Manish and Vinay wait for a day for the parts to come. They begin to work on the second day. Manish uses the tricks learned from YouTube videos; uses a hammer to place the nails purchased from a nearby shop in the pre-made hole, applies glue in certain areas as directed in the video, and places weight on the assembled stool. He waits for the glue to cure.', 'Vinay uses borrowed drill bits, drill machines, cutters, sandpapers purchased from a shop, etc, and starts working on the wooden parts as soon as the parts arrive in the morning. He is able to recall his carpentry instructions and attempts to shape the parts based on drawing of his product he made last night. Sameer meanwhile has completed his assembly and has put the assembly to rest for the glue to cure.', 'On the third day, each of them has the stool ready. They evaluate their own work and notice certain facts.', 'Manish notices that he did complete the task but, his stool was wobbly and not glued well. It could fall the moment he sits on it. Also, he forgets to polish the wooden parts and give it a professional finish since he forgot to watch that bit of video over YouTube.', 'Vinay completes the task his stool is sturdy and cured well overnight. But there are minor issues with it. One of the three legs is cut short by a few mm and the stool, a tad unstable.', 'Sameer on the other hand completes the task with a good product. The stool is well-balanced, and polished, as he ', ' from him. Sameer is ', ' with his work and finds it to stool ', '. Manish thinks he did his ', ' considering he had no experience of the task to be done. He is ', ' with his work. But Vinay is unhappy, he could have done better and made the product better. He doesn’t find his efforts well put and thinks he ', ' ', ' enough and hence his stool is nowhere ', '.', 'Understand that all of them had a set of skills and experience, but only Sameer had the right skills and experience to produce a perfect product. Manish and Sameer were satisfied and happy with their work. Manish made a wobbly stool which could break the moment someone sat on it but happy he gave the task a go. He thinks put the efforts and he did a good job. It was only Vinay who could not overcome the fact that his work was not perfect.', 'In Vinay’s case, it can be observed that he could not deliver what he learned from carpentry classes. The reason is simple, he put effort but didn’t have the experience. Experience mattered. Since Vinay thinks otherwise, he believes he has the perfect skills to complete the task but he could not deliver the results. He is not satisfied with his results and wishes to spend another day working on the stool on his own to get to his idea of the perfect result.', 'In this case, the idea of perfection itself is misplaced. You see, the end product made by Vinay and Manish would not match Sameer’s but the task could have been completed had they understood where their shortcomings lied. For both, it was their skill. Sameer had the perfect skill to get the expected result which resulted in better productivity, others didn’t.', 'And in this story, every individual put effort regardless of the result. But some were satisfied and some dissatisfied. Their satisfaction made their creations perfect in their eyes and dissatisfaction made one believe he wasn’t productive enough. \xa0', '“Perfection is ', ' and productivity is ', ' ', ' given a certain amount of effort”.', ' If you aren’t satisfied, you won’t find anything perfect. You would just waste both your time and effort over something that doesn’t suit you in the first place, as explained in the story before.', 'Satisfaction will determine how you perceive perfection and defines where your threshold for perfection lies. The real enemy is dissatisfaction. You get demotivated and restless. You lose sight and discontinue only because you are unable to pass your own expectation. So, it’s the only obstacle that comes in between productivity, from time to time.', 'Productivity is far from being your enemy. The greatest enemy will be your expectations which lead to dissatisfaction. It will play a major role in crafting your idea of Perfection in every day.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:50 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/global-financial-crisis-2008-causes-effects-and-its-solution/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:50 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/global-financial-crisis-2008-causes-effects-and-its-solution/>
{'title': 'Global financial crisis 2008 causes/effects and its solution', 'cont': ['The Financial Crisis of 2008 started as a crisis in the subprime mortgage market (i.e. in a market where lending of loans is done to people who may have difficulty in maintaining the repayment schedule or in simple terms, loans were given out to people without proper checks and low credit scores) which ultimately led onto a huge global collapse.', 'The ', ' or ', ' is considered the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.', 'In the year 1996, there was a dot-com boom (or otherwise known as the dot com bubble) in the United States, a period of massive growth in the use of the internet because of which the stock market prices started increasing rapidly. However, around the year 2000, it dropped which led people and investors to withdraw their investments from the stock market rapidly. It led to the decline of the price of shares in stock markets and the interest rate plummeted to around 1% very quickly in a short span.', 'Investors were now looking for a brighter option than investing in stock markets.', '   ', ' Rise and fall of the Dot Com Bubble', 'As interest rates went lower and lower, real estate prices started rising and the US Govt also encouraged people to buy houses and properties. The demand for the same started rising rapidly and investors now found a great option to invest in (i.e. in Real Estate).', 'During that same time, Investment Banks saw an opportunity, chimed in and started buying loans from Banks in bulk and clubbed multiple loans under a complex derivative called CDO (Collateralized Debt Obligations) and started providing it to these Investors after getting a credit rating of “AAA” (Very Safe Investment) from the Credit Rating Agencies. Investors naturally fell for it and started buying these CDOs.', 'So now, the risk factor of these loans got transferred from the Banks to the Investment Banks and then again to the CDO Investors.', 'With the high buying demand of CDOs, Investment banks started demanding or pressurizing Banks to provide even more Loans so that they can provide more CDOs to the Investors. However, Banks had already provided loans to people with good credit history and regular income people. But in the hope of getting even more credit from Investment Banks, these same banks then started giving out subprime housing loans to people with low credit scores.', 'Approximately $174Bn worth of loans were given out during the period 2000-2007 and most of them were clubbed as CDOs with a “AAA” rating from the Credit Rating Agencies. Approximately 70% of these CDO’s were marked with a “AAA” rating.', 'Investment Banks and Credit Rating Agencies were now enjoying large profits during this time. Moody’s (a credit rating agency) profits increased 4x times during that period (2000-2007).', 'Looking at the huge profits being made by the Investment Banks and Credit Rating Agencies, Insurance companies (like AIG) now started giving out insurance on these CDOs to the investors and they called it CDS (Credit Default Swap). AIG believed that since the CDOs were rated as “AAA” (Very Safe Investment), the failure chances of these CDOs were very minimal. They misjudged or were unaware of the fact that some of the loans that were clubbed under these CDOs were Sub Prime loans.', 'Now CDO Investors started buying out CDS from AIG and other companies to safeguard and protect them from any losses. AIG then started making huge profits because of the premiums that the investors had to pay. But they never realized the outcome if by any chance the CDOs fail at some point in time. Thus, the risk factor again got transferred from the CDO investors to the Insurance Companies.', ' Flow Diagram showing how the Risk Factors got transferred', 'Coming to the loan borrowers now, Sub Prime Borrowers from banks were unaware of the fact of Adjustable Rate Loans (interest rate of these loans keeps changing) and thus had to pay lower interests at the start but more interest rates later on.', 'The borrowers started defaulting on these loans when the interest rates increased dramatically around 2007 and thus banks had to then resell those houses to make up for the loans defaulted.\xa0 Added to the problem was the fact that borrowers were not spending any amount of money from their pockets while taking loans and banks were providing the full amount of loans. Almost 50% of the borrowers did not pay anything from their own pocket and bought the home only using the housing loan.', 'This led to a huge increase in the defaulters of borrowers and ultimately banks had to auction houses to gain credit back. With the high-interest rates and no one to buy the auctioned houses, this ultimately caused a chain reaction and banks were no longer receiving credit. The prices of Real Estate started falling drastically and people with good credit scores who had earlier taken housing loans also started defaulting because the price of their houses/homes fell below the loan amount that they had taken earlier. Banks stopped receiving money and also because of this chain reaction, the value of CDOs ultimately came down to 0.', 'Some Investors went for huge losses and few Investment companies went bankrupt (ex – Lehman Brothers). Moreover, insurance companies had to pay back those investors who had taken insurance. As a result, some of the insurance companies also went bankrupt. AIG too almost lost about $100Bn in paying back the investors who had earlier insured their CDOs. However, the US Govt. finally decided to bail out AIG in order to save them from going bankrupt.', 'CDOs and CDSs were not regulated during that time by the Federal Reserve and thus this whole situation ultimately led to credit crunch (became very difficult to get loans) and the whole economy of the US underwent a crisis that led to a global impact all around the world. Unemployment increased manifold and many new businesses had to shut down. Global trades all around the world also saw a crisis and finally, Global Recession hit the World.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:50 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/gender-diversity-and-equality-in-the-tech-industry/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:50 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/gender-diversity-and-equality-in-the-tech-industry/>
{'title': 'Gender diversity and Equality in the tech industry', 'cont': ['Gender diversity is an equal representation of all genders in workplaces. One of the most important sectors where there is under-representation of gender diversity is the technological industry. Gender diversity means you have an equal opportunity which is not limited by gender. But, the true reality is gender diversity is a far outcry in the world.', 'Gender diversity isn’t a new topic but an old and global phenomenon and technology industry is not a stranger to it.\xa0 Women are often underrepresented in the technology sector. To understand the gap, let’s look at some statistics.', 'After looking at these staggering numbers, we see how biased gender diversity is even in the technological sector.', 'With rapid industrialization and education about the importance of rights, gender diversity is very important in today’s world. Gender equality represents a society that has lesser violence and provides a safer world for everyone. It is also directly proportional to sustainable development and ensures human rights to everyone. As today’s markets are increasing along with customers’ preferences, to understand customer profiles and build products we need gender diversity in our organizations. Equal representation helps in a better decision-making process for a positive impact.', 'Men and Women invest back into their families and having gender equality and diversity helps build values into families and households. Empowering individuals not only help themselves but also the economy of the nations. Gender equality and diversity should be built into organizations’ beliefs and values.', 'Global Gender Gap Report (2017)', 'Perception: If we see the word “gender”, it is a socially constructed definition. And this definition changes as per different cultural norms. In a much broader term, our society is also not aware of the concept of binary and non-binary gender, which includes queer, Trans, and Intersex individuals as well. The socially acceptable thing is to have gender expressions as per our gender identity. So, when it comes to choosing their career, people tend to choose a job role that gives them higher social belongingness. E.g. We see more women(as compared to men) in nursing careers as it requires more feminine qualities.', 'There are different versions of this perception: which we can see either in the society(in terms of socially assigned gender roles) or in the workplace(in the form of gender discrimination, stereotypical thinking, sexism, etc.). E.g. As per their assigned roles in society, women are most likely to take care of their family and children, and this affects their income and career growth. The motherhood penalty is a term defined by sociologists which states about the inverse correlation between income level and the number of children, i.e. there is also an income difference between a mother and a non-mother employee. As per OECD data(2012), there is a 7% reduction in wages for women per child.', 'Lack of economic opportunities: Even in the tech industry, women are paid less than men. As per ILO data(2019), on average women are paid 20% less than men worldwide.', 'Even when it comes to promotion, men are preferred more. It is to be noted that the numbers are even worse when there is intersectionality involved. E.g., a transgender woman will be paid less than a white woman and so on. As per the National Centre for Transgender equality, one out of two transgender people faces adverse effects: including 23% were denied a promotion, 44% were passed over for a particular job position and 26% are fired from their workplace just because they are transgender.', 'We can improve this scenario from the perspective of different stakeholders who are involved.', 'For Society :', 'Creating Tech awareness from School level: As per the HDR report( 2017), no. of boys pursuing STEM program is 97% higher than girls. One way to improve this is to introduce more strong role models to advocate for this issue. Minority gender communities should be aware of the multiple job opportunities and career growth available in this field. These job roles are not even gender-specific anymore. For developing countries like India, STEM scholarship programs can be introduced from the secondary education level.', 'Address Bias/Stereotypes: It is to be noted that perceptions, stereotypes, and biases are not just something we learn in school but our upbringing also creates these, the things we watch, listen, and read daily. So, it also becomes the duty of the society to create a more inclusive environment. E.g. A more privileged person should fight for the fundamental right of the less empowered or less privileged person in society.', 'There should be active encouragement from parents, teachers, and educators for students in STEM programs regardless of their gender identity.', 'For Companies:', 'To promote gender diversity in the workplace, companies need to focus on three things:', 'Unbiased Recruitment policies:', 'Generally, there is a lot of unconscious bias and prejudices when hiring women, trans, intersex, and queer individuals. There needs to be a diversity and inclusivity team in the HR itself that addresses these issues. A blind recruitment drive can be conducted where there is no need to mention gender in any of the documents.', 'Having structured questions during the interview might help to remove any unconscious biases.', 'Diversity sensitivity training: Workplace policies need to create a company image that hires everyone irrespective of their gender identity and can even keep it optional in all the job formalities and documents.', 'Conducting proper sensitivity training to employees is essential as they need to use correct pronoun/gender-neutral language.', 'Not just sensitivity training, strong workplace policies need to be in place which deal with any form of harassment or gender discrimination.', '\xa0To create accountability and transparency in their process, companies can also share diversity and inclusivity company data.', 'Retention policies:', 'Creating Mentorship models:', 'Including proper maternity leaves, child care facilities, and flexibility of working hours/remote working arrangements can be helpful for minority gender in keeping their work-life balance.', 'Develop support programs for these communities who are joining after maternity leave. It might be in terms of psychiatric or mentorship support.', 'Increase Pay parities: It can be done in the following ways:', 'Lastly, there needs to be proper government policies in place which provide a constitutional or legal framework starting from the basic education level. It may begin from increasing the gross enrollment rates of all students in schools (irrespective of their gender identity) for developing countries( like India) to have proper compensation policies in the workplace(as similar to what states like California, New York has adopted) to ensure pay parity.', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-overcome-your-fear-of-making-mistakes/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-overcome-your-fear-of-making-mistakes/>
{'title': 'How to overcome your fear of making mistakes?', 'cont': ['The Covid-19 crisis and its fallout including recession, layoffs, and uneven economic pain-as well as recent protests over police brutality and demands for racial justice, have presented many of us with challenges that we’ve not encountered before. The high-stakes and unfamiliar nature of these situations have left many people feeling fearful of missteps. No one can reduce mistakes to zero, but you can learn to harness your drive to prevent them and channel it into better decision making. Use these tips to become a more effective worrier.', 'Our culture glorifies fearlessness. The traditional image of a leader is one who is smart, tough, and unafraid. But fear, like any emotion, has an evolutionary purpose and upside. Your concern about making mistakes is there to remind you that we’re in a challenging situation. A cautious leader has value. This is especially true in times like these. So don’t get caught up in ruminating: “I shouldn’t be so fearful.”', 'Don’t be ashamed or afraid of your fear of making mistakes and don’t interpret it as evidence that you’re an indecisive leader, or not bold, not visionary. If you have a natural tendency to be\xa0prevention-focused, channel it to be bold and visionary! (If you struggle to believe this, identify leaders who have done just that by figuring out how to prevent disasters.)', 'Fear of mistakes can paralyze people.\xa0Emotional agility skills\xa0are an antidote to this paralysis. This process starts with labeling your thoughts and feelings, such as “I feel anxious I’m not going to be able to control my customers enough to keep my staff safe.” Stating your fears out loud helps diffuse them. It’s like turning the light on in a dark room. Next comes accepting reality. For example, “I understand that people will not always behave in ideal ways.” List off every truth you need to accept. Then comes acting your values. Let’s say one of your highest values is conscientiousness. How might that value apply in this situation? For example, it might involve making sure your employees all have masks that fit them well or feel comfortable airing any grievances they have. Identify your five most important values related to decision-making in a crisis. Then ask yourself how each of those is relevant to the important choices you face.', 'Repeat this process for each of your fears. It will help you tolerate the fact that\xa0we sometimes need to act when the course of action isn’t clear\xa0and avoid the common anxiety trap whereby people try to\xa0reduce uncertainty to zero.', 'Worrying can help you make better decisions if you do it effectively.\xa0Most people don’t . When you worry, it should be solutions-focused, not just perseverating on the presence of a threat. Direct your worry towards behaviors that will realistically reduce the chances of failure.', 'We can control systems, not outcomes. What are your systems and processes for avoiding making mistakes? Direct your worries into answering questions like these: Is the data you’re relying on reliable? What are the limitations of it? How do your systems help prevent groupthink? What procedures do you have in place to help you see your blind spots? How do you ensure that you hear valuable perspectives from underrepresented stakeholders? What are your processes for being alerted to a problem quickly and rectifying it if a decision has unexpected consequences?', 'When we’re scared of making a mistake, our thinking can narrow around that particular scenario. Imagine you’re out walking at night. You’re worried about tripping, so you keep looking down at your feet. Next thing you know you’ve walked into a lamp post. Or, imagine the person who is scared of flying. They drive everywhere, even though driving is objectively more dangerous. When you open the aperture, it can help you see your greatest fears in the broader context of all the other threats out there. This can help you get a better perspective on what you fear the most.', 'It might seem illogical that you could reduce your fear of making a mistake by thinking about other negative outcomes. But this strategy can help kick you into problem-solving mode and lessen the mental grip a particular fear has on you. A leader might be so highly focused on minimizing or optimizing for one particular thing, they don’t realize that other people care most about something else. Find out what other people’s priorities are.', 'Fear grabs us. It makes it difficult to direct our attention away. This is how it is designed to work, so that we don’t ignore threats. Some people react to fear with extreme hypervigilance. They want to be on guard, at their command post, at all times. This might manifest as behavior like staying up all night to work.', 'That type of adrenalin-fueled behavior can have short-term value, but it can also be myopic. A different approach can be more useful for bigger picture thinking. We need leisure (and sleep!) to step back, integrate the threads of our thinking, see blindspots, and think creatively. Get some silent time. Although much maligned, a game of golf might be exactly what you need to think about tough problems holistically.', 'As mentioned, when people are fearful they can go into always-on monitoring mode. You may have the urge to constantly look at what everyone else is doing, to always be on social media, or check data too frequently. This can result in information overload. Your mind can become so overwhelmed that you start to feel cloudy or shut down. Recognize if you’re doing this and limit over-monitoring or overchecking. Avoid panicked, frenzied behavior.', 'On its own, being afraid of making mistakes doesn’t make you more or less likely to make good decisions. If you worry excessively in a way that focuses only on how bad the experience of stress and uncertainty feels, you might make do or say the wrong things. However, if you understand how anxiety works at a cognitive level, you can use it to motivate careful but bold and well-reasoned choices.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-small-business-can-survive-the-coronavirus-crisis/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-small-business-can-survive-the-coronavirus-crisis/>
{'title': 'How Small Business can survive the Coronavirus Crisis', 'cont': ['The word pandemic may be the most used word for the last decade, and we know why. The year 2020 comes with a lot of unprecedented threats to humans as well as to nature. While no business was left insulated from its effect, small businesses were one of the most affected, as they rely on day to day sales and keep the inventory minimum, based on the demand of customers and have a low margin to maneuver.', 'In an article by HSBC’s Navigator, which described the preparedness and contingency plan for the future, Indian business rated high among its peers. The businesses in India have shown resilience to face adversity which can be attributed to varying degrees of adjustment and adaptability. The businesses, while able to adhere to government guidelines have managed to facilitate their customers efficiently and effectively. However, the impact on micro, small, and medium enterprises cannot be left unattended.\xa0', 'The Indian subcontinent has an estimated ', 'of MSME, out of which ', ' are in rural areas which ', ' of the total employment provided by this Sector. The MSME sector with ', ' people constitutes 40% of the total workforce. As per the ministry of commerce MSME contribution in ', '.', 'With the huge contribution toward GDP as well as export, the impact on the national economy due to the shock in the MSME sector from the pandemic will be equally devastating. While different businesses face different types of obstacles, we have pointed out 8 of the most common issues faced by them.', 'For any business, cash in hand is oxygen. The small business which usually has at most 1-month cash to run the business if the revenue stream dries up, which in this tough time has to improve gradually. To manage the optimal cash balance is the key to success in this tough time. The optimal cash balance here, defined as “the less of\xa0the amount of cash outflow in form\xa0rent, employee salaries, and raw material without postponing the payable as they are doing what banks have to do, to the inflow from sale”.\xa0', 'In any given situation, business is like', 'juggling\xa0between multiple tasks to optimize the performance while maximizing the revenue. The current situation has added another layer of\xa0challenge. This challenge will test management skills in various aspects of our business owner.\xa0', 'With this article, we have pointed out the major challenges and possible ways to alleviate the impact. As ', ' quotes, “Every problem is a gift—without problems we would not grow”, the current market has wiped out their share in the market which gives an opportunity to other businesses to grow and lower the expense.', 'While there may be many facets that need to be handled precisely, communication is one of the major tools that will create a positive environment among workers or teams which will influence the customer behavior and result in terms of revenue. The communication will also help to increase productivity and create trust in a supply chain which will improve the cash conversion cycles and working capital ratio.', 'Marketing through word of mouth has no added cost but the benefit can be scaled too much-required revenue. The choice of an effective\xa0marketing tool can also influence our target customer and will influence their will to buy the product or service(s) strategically.', 'Cash from operating activity improves if we were able to lower our expenses. To lower these expenses, small business owners have to create a different plan (good, average, and worst) keeping the 6-month frame in mind. Breaking down them in monthly targets would further help them to identify the actual scenario and update the strategy accordingly.\xa0\xa0', 'As ', ' quotes, “You only have to do a few things right in your life so long as you don’t do too many things wrong.” this is the right time to do the right thing and over time businesses will ripe its benefits.\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impacts-of-covid-19-on-vegetable-vendors-and-food-stalls/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impacts-of-covid-19-on-vegetable-vendors-and-food-stalls/>
{'title': 'Impacts of COVID 19 on Food products', 'cont': ['Some vendors (fruit and vegetable sellers) began venturing out after a few days without explicit permission and immediately faced police harassment. After a few weeks, the government eased restrictions and essential vendors were\xa0being permitted to vend\xa0(due in large part to the advocacy of vendor organizations and activist networks). However, the cost of doing business, as well as the risk, has gone up significantly, with vendors not having access to wholesale markets and suppliers and having to spend more on travel costs due to travel restrictions in place in the city. Also, with the lockdown still partially in place, the number of buyers has gone down and so have earnings. Due to the harsh summer heat, perishable fruits and vegetables also have a reduced shelf life so vendors are unable to capitalize on whatever produce they do have.', 'The state has recently announced a\xa0stimulus package of INR 5000 crore for nearly 50 lakh vendors, acknowledging the grave impact of their loss of livelihood. The intended relief for vendors will be a credit loan that will provide an initial working capital of INR 10,000 for all vendors, but this is not sufficient. Instead of credit, the government should think of converting it into direct income benefit, a cash grant, as livelihood support to start the income activity regularly. The vendors need income support to be able to restart work, and if they are not able to do so, how will they return the loan. In the face of the ever-changing crisis, vendor organizations have to step forward and advocate for vendors to be provided the resources they need to be able to resume their livelihoods. To this end, vendors organizations could consider the following for an advocacy agenda:']}
2022-07-07 01:09:51 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impacts-of-covid-19-on-vegetable-vendors/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impacts-of-covid-19-on-vegetable-vendors/>
{'title': 'Impacts of COVID 19 on Vegetable Vendors', 'cont': ['The ', ' pandemic has grown into one of the most major and socially disruptive ', ' crises in recent memory, with growing worried about how the pandemic’s catastrophic ', 'and social repercussions are affecting food systems at both the global and local levels. Given the importance of the retail food environment in establishing and sustaining healthy diets, interruptions to specific aspects of it, such as the availability of fresh vegetables, could have a negative influence on population health, which has already been noted as a source of worry.', 'Despite the dominance of national and international supermarket chains, warehouse clubs, and supercenters in grocery ', ', vegetables are offered in a number of other food retail settings. Fresh vegetable #vendors are typically smaller and more community-oriented than other restaurant or retail food outlets and can include chain or independent grocery stores, greengrocers, storefront stands, street carts, and even makeshift platforms dedicated to the sale of fresh vegetables. Smaller community fresh vegetable vendors who may conduct business on the sides of major streets or on storefronts have played an integral role in the food environment in large urban centers such as New York City (NYC), particularly in ethnic enclaves, despite the fact that fresh produce does not have a significantly higher nutritional value and fresh produce can also be purchased at these larger food retailers.', 'Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, many fresh fruit and vegetable vendors, notably street carts selling fresh vegetables in cities across the United States, including New York City, have been forced to close owing to a combination of falling demand and fear of catching COVID-19. The importance of fresh vegetable vendors varies by neighborhood within cities. Furthermore, these fresh vegetable vendors attract visitors and interborough shoppers from a variety of cultural backgrounds not only Asian ones who are looking for things that are not available elsewhere in the city or for the same low prices.', 'These fresh vegetable vendors, unlike larger, well-established grocery store vendors, may not have the financial infrastructure to sustain the shifts in ', 'and ', 'produced by the COVID-19 epidemic; consequently, the danger of closure or modifications in services may be greater for these vendors.', 'In order to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ', ' offered by fresh vegetable vendors, surveillance #data from both before and after the pandemic’s inception is required.', 'After a few days, vegetable dealers began venturing out without explicit permission and were quickly harassed by police. After a few weeks, the government relaxed the limitations, allowing vital traders to sell their wares (due in large part to the advocacy of vendor organizations and activist networks). However, the cost of doing business has increased dramatically, as vendors no longer have access to wholesale markets and suppliers, and they must spend more on travel expenditures owing to city-imposed travel limitations. Furthermore, with the partial lockdown still in place, the number of buyers has decreased, as have earnings. Perishable vegetables have a shorter shelf life in the summer heat, thus vendors are unable to capitalize on whatever produce they do have.', 'Consider the situation of Delhi at the starting of COVID 19. The state has launched an INR 5000 crore stimulus package for over 50 lakh vendors, realizing the serious consequences of their loss of livelihood. The targeted relief for vendors is a credit facility that will provide all sellers with an initial working capital of INR 10,000, but this will not be enough. Instead of credit, the government should consider changing it into a direct income benefit, such as a cash grant, to help people start earning money on a regular basis. The vendors require income support in order to resume work, and how will they repay the loan if they are unable to do so? Vendor organizations must step forth in the face of the ever-changing crises and lobby for vendors to be given the resources they need to continue their livelihoods. Vendor organizations could use the following as part of their advocacy agenda:', 'Finally, some fresh vegetable sellers may have shuttered for a period of time early in the epidemic, only to reopen recently. Alternatively, vendors may have launched soon after the in-person checks were completed, but still within the June-July 2020 endpoint timeframe. This is a drawback of the method; in order to offer the most reliable COVID-19 pandemic monitoring data, data must be collected in a short period of time.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-tourism-aviation-industries/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-tourism-aviation-industries/>
{'title': 'Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Tourism & Aviation industries', 'cont': ['As the Coronavirus pandemic unfolds, most industries face problems they had never imagined or prepared for. The Aviation and Tourism industries face the highest stress as Coronavirus spreads because not only are they a (usually) a leisure spending but also the nature of the disease directly conflicts with the industries’ innate business models. In this article, we will look at the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Tourism and Aviation industries both from the demand side and the supply side.', 'The Aviation and Tourism industries has two major customers: tourists and business travellers. Let us base this essay in the India and see what the reaction of the customer segments is expected to be like.', ' will avoid vacationing for the foreseeable future because of:', 'Now, let us look at different types of holiday revellers. Tourists can be foreigners or domestic tourists. According to Business Insider “', '”. However, because of the pandemic, almost all this business has been lost.', 'Due to the reasons stated above most ', ' will not prefer to travel. Those who do dare to venture out, perhaps wooed by ', ' to places which would have otherwise been out of their budgets, will possibly be warded off by the one of the following factors:', 'Moving our focus to domestic tourists, we subdivide our population according to income levels:', 'In order to attract well paying customers, the Aviation and Tourism industries will have to ', ' a considerable amount of ', ' to become ', ' which will push profit margins even lower. Most Aviation and Tourism activities made ', ', thus, they are inherently incompatible with the concept of social distancing.', 'Because of COVID-19 pandemic, businesses have realized that more and more meetings can be handled over video calls, thus, the ', ' of ', ' will be ', '. There will still be some representatives who will fly out to conduct business, but the industry can expect a ', ' from this sector.', 'Moving over to the supply side, the Aviation and Tourism industries face strong ', '. Because the industry is a leisure expense, ', ' of many supporting equipment like the adventure sports gears and even parts of planes themselves has ', '. Because of the ', ', it is going to be tough to get the supply chain back up again. Furthermore, ', ' are ', ' to their jobs because of the high risk of contracting the virus due to exposure to multiple customers from different geographies.', 'Let us now see some ', ' of how the industry has done through March and April.', 'The bookings vanished in mid-March. Property owners had bought or leased real estate to list on the app were severely affected. The sharing economy, like Uber, Lyft and DoorDash had taken a hit but Airbnb was worse off because their expenses include cleaning services, interior design (one-time spend), and property maintenance which are ', '.', 'Thus, because of the pandemic the revenue was gone but the costs exist. They have people who depend on the owner’s rental income which made the problem worse.', 'Hosts usually decide ', ' policy, but under extreme circumstances, like this one, the company decided to override all existing policies (many of whom weren’t strict) and gave full refund to the guests. The company got $2 billion loan and has helped out the owners, financially by paying 25% for cancelled bookings capping at 5k/host. They have helped some hosts by getting them eligible for small business loans and avoid eviction.', 'Thankfully, there are too few properties to cause a ', ', but breakdown could cause strain on lenders and undermine property values (all want to sell to avoid foreclosure or defaulting on loans). AirDNA states that the listing split-up for Airbnb is: 33% list single property, 33% owners list 2-24 properties, 33% hosts have 25+ properties.', 'Some state governments in America have ', '. This hurt the Airbnb owners because people looking to quarantine outside their homes or near relatives could’ve generated revenues.', 'So, what are hosts doing now?', 'Many are discounting units and looking for long-term tenants (12 months). Many are planning to apply for a small-business loan, seek forbearance from banks, find long-term tenants independently of Airbnb and sell property.', 'According to the Wall Street Journal, roughly half of all US workers stand to earn more from the Coronavirus rather than their work pay cheques. However, it must be noted that some have not gotten their money due to bureaucratical issues.', 'This ', ' because workers don’t want to come back and expose themselves to the virus and earn less. But businesses want workers to come back so that their small business loans can be forgiven, and business can reopen. However, money in the consumer’s pockets means the economy expected to rebound quickly when businesses open. About 40 million Americans are now on unemployment benefits, majorly from restaurant, hospitality, and retail industries.', 'Congress chose ', ' because it was really time-consuming for payments to be calibrated to each worker’s lost wages. Their $600 federal payment corresponds to $15/hours wage, but 21 states follow $7.25/hours.', 'Most workers don’t want to sit at home and are anxious to get back to work, but right now staying at home is the ', ' for their families.', 'Workers should be ineligible for unemployment benefits if a job is made available to them. But ', ' are ', ' workers to authorities and sever relationships with employees they may need more later in the year when tourism demand is expected to pick up. Without income support, low-wage workers would likely seek out other jobs, including side hustles and gig work, which could expose them and their households to the virus. Thus, according to the government, it was important to give such a large stimulus to the economy.', 'Studies of SARs suggested that people sitting close to infectious persons were at large risk. Combined with that, in long journeys, passengers may take off masks.\xa0Thus, the ', ' ', ' are large and airlines need to focus on figuring out how to prevent transmission in planes.', 'Currently, the airlines plan on using self-cleaning material, long-lasting disinfectant, touchless lavatories, UV light as a disinfectant, antimicrobial coating for frequently touched surfaces, and cleaning between flights.', 'However, even after these efforts, only 12% of people are flying (compared to last year, same time) as of 27', ' May 2020.', 'Aviation and Tourism industries have the curse of being a luxury expense and thus, as the Coronavirus pandemic spread, the entire industry jolted to a halt. They are one of the hardest-hit sectors and have to ', ' wherein the revenue levels are unlikely to match to pre-COVID levels and margins have also reduced. However, in with a bleak future, this industry is here to stay because people have to travel, and eventually they will vacation as well. Coronavirus has become a “', '” test for this industry and the stakeholders will come out of this disaster with strong business processes.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-sports-events-around-the-world/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-sports-events-around-the-world/>
{'title': 'Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on sports events around the world.', 'cont': ['The\xa0COVID-19 pandemic\xa0has caused the most significant disruption to the\xa0worldwide sporting calender since\xa0World war II. Across the world and to varying degrees, sports events have been canceled or postponed. The\xa02020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo were rescheduled to 2021. Spectators have no games to watch and players no games to play. Only a few countries, such as\xa0Turkmenistan\xa0Belarus\xa0and\xa0Nicaragua, have continued professional sporting matches as planned.', 'For an overview of the state of play in Europe’s soccer leagues amid the coronavirus outbreak click here:', '* Major League Soccer players returned to voluntary training on May 6.', '* The 2020 K-League season kicked off on May 8 behind closed doors.', '* Euro 2020 and Copa America were postponed. The two tournaments will now be staged from June 11 to July 11, 2021.', '* The Euro 2021 Women’s Championship has been pushed back to July 6-31, 2022.', '* Asian Champions League: The start of the knockout rounds was moved back to September.', '* The Chinese Football Association (CFA) has drawn up three plans to complete the 2020 Chinese Super League (CSL) season, one of which would see the campaign begin in late June and finish in December.', '* The women’s Bundesliga season will resume from May 29.', '* The Portuguese league approved nine stadiums for the league’s restart.', '* Costa Rica became the first country in the Americas to restart their professional league.', '* The women’s Under-20 World Cup in Costa Rica and Panama, postponed from August-September, has been rescheduled for Jan. 20-Feb. 6, 2021.', '* The National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL) said clubs could begin small group training sessions from May 25. The league is aiming for a late June return with a single city month-long tournament.', '* The postponed Tokyo Olympic Games will now begin on July 23, 2021 and run until Aug. 8.', '* World Athletics has suspended Olympic qualification until December.', 'The postponed Paralympic Games will run from Aug. 24-Sep. 5, 2021.', 'The 2021 World Beach Games were moved to 2023.', '* The 2021 World Games have been pushed back by a year to avoid clashing with the Olympics.', '* The World Athletics Championships scheduled for 2021 in Eugene, Oregon have been moved to the summer of 2022 because of the Olympic Games rescheduling.', '* The World Athletics Indoor Championships (Nanjing, March 13-15) were postponed to March 19-21, 2021.', '* Boston Marathon organisers have postponed the race from April 20 to Sept. 14.', '* The London Marathon which was due to take place on April 26 has been postponed to Oct. 4.', '* The Diamond League plans to hold three meetings in August in Monaco, Gateshead and Stockholm followed by September events in Lausanne, Brussels, Paris, Shanghai, and possibly Rome or Naples. Meetings in Eugene, Doha, and China have been scheduled for October.', '* World Athletics released its calendar for the international season beginning with a Continental Tour Gold event in Finland on Aug. 11 and ending with a Diamond League meeting in China.', '* This year’s Biathle/Triathle World Championships in Weiden have been moved to 2021.', '* The World Triathlon Series (WTS) event and Mixed Relay World Championships in Hamburg have been rescheduled for the weekend of Sept. 5-6.', '* The Ironman triathlon has been pushed back to Sept. 6 from its original June 21 start.', '* The Australian Football League season will resume on June 11, with four clubs moving to the Gold Coast due to tighter COVID-19 restrictions in their home states.', '* The Thomas and Uber Cup will be held from Oct. 3-11.', '* The 2021 World Championships will begin in late November instead of August to avoid clashing with the rescheduled Tokyo Olympics.', '* The BWF announced a new 2020 calendar with the World Tour set to return with the Taipei Open from Sept. 1-6.', '* The South Korean league started on May 5 without fans.', '* Taiwan’s baseball season resumed in April behind closed doors. On May 9, fans were allowed in for the first time, with 1,000 spectators watching games in New Taipei and Taichung.', '* Major League Baseball team owners on May 11 agreed a plan to start playing in empty stadiums in early July.', '* Japan’s Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) league will begin its 2020 season on June 19 with games played in empty stadiums.', '* Dillian Whyte’s heavyweight fight against Alexander Povetkin has been rescheduled for July 4.', '* Canoe Slalom World Cups in France and Czech Republic have been tentatively rescheduled to October or November.', '* The Canoe Slalom World Cup Final and non-Olympic World Championships in Germany have been moved from September to October.', '* Canoe Polo World Championships in Rome have been pushed back until April 2021.', '* English cricket’s The Hundred, originally scheduled to begin on July 17, was pushed back to 2021.', '* Giro d’Italia will begin on Oct. 3, while the Spanish Vuelta will be held from Oct. 20.', '* Milan-Sanremo will be held on Aug. 8, Liege-Bastogne-Liege on Oct. 4, the Tour des Flandres on Oct. 18, Paris-Roubaix on Oct. 25 and the Tour of Lombardy on Oct. 31.', '* The Tour de France that was due to be held from June 27-July 19 has been postponed to Aug. 29-Sept 20.', '* The European Road Cycling Championships, scheduled for Sept. 9-13, have been postponed by a year.', '* Tiger Woods and Peyton Manning defeated Phil Mickelson and Tom Brady in a charity golf match in Florida on May 24 at Medalist Golf Club in Hobe Sound, Florida.', '* The Masters at Augusta National Golf Club has been rescheduled for Nov. 12-15 from April 9-12.', '* The PGA Championships at TPC Harding Park San Francisco, has been rescheduled for Aug. 6-9 from May 14-17.', '* The U.S. Open at Winged Foot Golf Club, Mamaroneck, New York, was rescheduled to Sept. 17-20 from June 8-21.', '* The Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) is hoping to get the 2020 season underway with the Dow Great Lakes Bay Invitational from July 15-18.', '* The Women’s PGA Championship has been postponed from late June to Oct. 8-11.', '* The Australian PGA Championship will take place at the Royal Queensland Golf Club from Dec. 3-6.', '* The first major of the 2020 golf season got underway on May 14 when South Korea hosted the Korea Ladies Professional Golf Association (KLPGA) Championship. Park Hyun-kyung won the title.', '* World number one Ko Jin-young will take on No. 3 Park Sung-hyun in a charity skins match on May 24 at the Sky 72 Golf & Resort in Incheon.', '* Racing in France began without spectators at ParisLongchamp on May 11.', '* Horse racing resumed in Germany on May 7 with a limited number of races in front of empty stands in Hanover. Races were also scheduled for May 8 in Cologne.', '* The Kentucky Derby, the first jewel in North American horse racing’s Triple Crown (May 2) was postponed to Sept. 5.', '* Churchill Downs, the home of the Kentucky Derby, opened for spectator-free racing on May 16.', '* The British Horseracing Authority (BHA) has said it is planning to resume the season on June 1.', '* Horse racing will be allowed to resume in Ireland without spectators on June 8.', '* The shortened Belmont Stakes will be run on June 20 without spectators.', '* The NASCAR season resumed with races at the Darlington Raceway in South Carolina on May 17 and May 20.', '* The Le Mans 24 hours race was postponed from June 13-14 to Sept. 19-20.', '* The Indianapolis 500 has been postponed until Aug. 23.', '* MotoGP intends to start its season with races on July 19 and 26 at the Jerez circuit in southern Spain.', '* IndyCar will open its delayed season on June 6 with the Genesys 300 at Texas Motor Speedway (TMS) without fans in attendance. The race at St. Petersburg, Florida scheduled for March 15 has been pushed back to Oct. 25.', '* Formula One hopes to start the delayed season in Austria in July without spectators before ending in Abu Dhabi in December. Silverstone have agreed terms for two races without spectators at the circuit this season.', 'The NBA is in talks with The Walt Disney Company about restarting its suspended season at Disney World in Florida in late July.', '* The NFL season will begin on Sept. 10 with a game between Super Bowl champions Kansas City Chiefs and Houston Texans.', 'The National Hockey League has scrapped plans to play regular-season games in the Czech Republic and Finland this year.', 'The NHL suspended play in mid-March, but hopes to reopen training facilities in June. The league on May 24 released a set of safety protocols that allow players to return to clubs for small-group workouts.', '* Australia’s National Rugby League is set for a May 28 restart after players agreed to 20% pay-cuts for the abridged 2020 season.', '* Rugby Australia hopes to get players back in training in June for matches in July.', '* New Zealand’s five Super Rugby teams will play each other in a 10-week domestic competition from June 13.', '* The Mitre 10 Cup, New Zealand’s annual provincial competition, will start with a full 14-team championship from Sept. 11.', '* Rugby Australia are looking at potentially including both the Western Force and Japan’s Sunwolves in a competition with their four Super Rugby sides to start in early July.', '* The World Snooker Championship, originally scheduled to begin on April 18, will start on July 31 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.', '* Snooker will resume in the United Kingdom on June 1 with the Championship League event which will be held without fans at the Marshall Arena in Milton Keynes.', '* The 2020 European Aquatics Championships scheduled to take place from May 11-24 in Budapest, Hungary, have been postponed to next year.', '* The World Aquatics Championships, scheduled for July 16-Aug. 1, 2021, were pushed back to May 13-29, 2022.', '* The World Swimming Championships in Abu Dhabi, scheduled to take place in December, have been pushed back by a year.', '* The French Open was postponed until Sept. 20-Oct. 4.', '* The women’s Rogers Cup tournament in Montreal was postponed until 2021.', '* Professional tennis returned with the Tennis Point Exhibition Series event in Germany on May 1.', '* Hubert Hurkacz, Miomir Kecmanovic, Reilly Opelka and Tommy Paul took part in the UTR Pro Match Series in Florida that began on May 8.', '* Patrick Mouratoglou’s tennis academy in France will host a five-week series starting in May.', '* Bianca Andreescu and Sofia Kenin will be among 16 WTA players who will launch the Credit One Bank Invitational in Charleston on June 23.', '* Novak Djokovic is bringing together some of the world’s top tennis players for a series of matches to run from June 13-July 5 in the Balkan region.', '* New Zealand will stage a team-based tennis tournament for local-based men’s players from June 3.', '* World TeamTennis, an innovative mixed-gender professional tennis league, will start from July 5 at the Greenbrier, West Virginia, and up to 500 fans will be allowed to attend matches.', '* UFC action returned with three cards on May 9, May 13 and May 16.', 'List of sports events that have either been cancelled or postponed due to the outbreak:', '* U.S. trials for wrestling (April 4-5) were postponed.', '* U.S. Rowing postponed its team trials.', '* U.S. diving trials (April 3-5) were postponed.', '* The MLB has further delayed its 2020 season’s opening day of March 26.', '* The Women’s National Basketball Association postponed the start of its 2020 regular season, originally scheduled to run from May 15-Sept. 20.', '* The 2019-20 American Hockey League (AHL) regular season and the 2020 Calder Cup Playoffs were cancelled. The AHL standings at the time of suspension will be used to determine league awards.', '* FIFA has agreed to delay the first edition of its revamped Club World Cup due to be held in 2021.', '* UEFA put all club and national team competitions for men and women on hold until further notice.', '* The men’s and women’s Champions League finals and Europa League final originally scheduled for May have been postponed.', '* South America’s two biggest club competitions, the Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana, are suspended.', '* CONCACAF suspended all competitions, including the Champions League and men’s Olympic qualifiers.', '* Asian and South American qualifying matches for 2022 World Cup were postponed.', '* Japan’s J.League will not hold any games in May.', '* Barcelona’s women’s team were declared champions of Spain’s Liga Iberdrola after the national soccer federation’s executive committee agreed to end all non-professional competitions.', '* The Asian Football Confederation on April 14 postponed all matches and competitions scheduled for May-June until further notice.', '* Semi-finals of the CAF Champions league (May 1-3) and CAF Confederation Cup (May 8-10) were postponed.', '* This year’s International Champions Cup, a pre-season tournament featuring Europe’s top clubs, was cancelled.', '* Cameroon cancelled the rest of its league season and declared leaders PWD Bamenda as champions.', '* Wales’ top flight league was called off and Connah’s Quay Nomads were crowned champions.', '* Mexico cancelled the remainder of its men’s and women’s seasons. No champions will be crowned.', '* England’s Women’s Super League and second-tier Women’s Championship seasons were cancelled on May 25.', '* The Diamond League, the elite track and field competition, was forced to cancel its London meeting scheduled for July 4-5. It had previously postponed events in seven cities scheduled between April and June.', '* The Paris and Barcelona marathons were postponed.', '* The 2020 European Athletics Championship due to take place from Aug. 25-30 were cancelled.', '* The Badminton World Federation (BWF) cancelled the last five tournaments in the qualification period for the Olympics.', '* The Indonesia Open (June 16-21) was among a host of events that have been cancelled while tournaments over the next three months were also suspended in Australia, Thailand and Russia.', '* The U.S. Open, set to be held from June 23-28 in California, was suspended.', '* The final qualification tournament in Taiwan for the Olympics was put back from April to June 17-21, while the March 22-26 qualification event in Arizona was postponed.', '* The International Basketball Federation postponed the men’s Olympic qualifiers, European Championship and the Americas Championship by a year.', '* Turkey cancelled its basketball season on May 11.', '* Europe’s top two club basketball competitions, EuroLeague and EuroCup, have been terminated without naming any winners.', '* Anthony Joshua’s world heavyweight title defence against Bulgarian Kubrat Pulev at Tottenham Hotspur’s stadium on June 20 was postponed.', '* The Indian Premier League, originally suspended until April 15, has been postponed indefinitely.', '* The last two games of Australia’s three-match one-day international series against New Zealand in Sydney and Hobart were cancelled while the limited-overs tours were postponed.', '* The boards of India and South Africa agreed to reschedule a three-match ODI series to a later date.', '* England’s test series against Sri Lanka and West Indies were postponed. The England and Wales Cricket Board extended the suspension of the professional game in the country until July 1.', '* South Africa’s limited-overs tour of Sri Lanka that was scheduled to take place in June has been postponed.', '* Australia’s proposed test tour of Bangladesh in June has been postponed.', '* Ireland’s home series against New Zealand and Pakistan scheduled for June and July have been postponed.', '* Men’s and women’s world championships in Scotland and Canada respectively were cancelled.', '* World mixed doubles and senior championships in Canada, scheduled from April 18-25 were cancelled.', '* The final two stages of the UAE Tour were cancelled after two Italian participants tested positive.', '* The Paris-Nice cycling race ended a day early after the eighth stage into Nice was cancelled.', '* The Women’s Tour, scheduled to take place from June 8-13 was cancelled.', '* This year’s Tour of Britain scheduled for September has been cancelled.', '* The British Open Championship was cancelled.', '* The European Tour cancelled the BMW International Open (June 25-28) and the Open de France (July 2-5). The Scottish Open (July 9-12) was postponed. The Tour had postponed or cancelled events scheduled between March and May.', '* The LPGA cancelled Tour qualifying “Q-schools” this year as well as the Meijer LPGA Classic in Michigan.', '* The German handball season was cancelled after top clubs voted in favour of abandoning the campaign.', '* The men’s and women’s EHF Cup and Challenge Cup were cancelled.', '* The remaining women’s Euro 2020 qualifiers as well as European playoff matches for the 2021 men’s world championship were cancelled.', '* The Grand National festival (April 2-4) was cancelled.', '* The Dubai World Cup, one of the world’s richest horse races and a premier annual sporting event in the United Arab Emirates, will not go ahead this year.', '* The Guineas Festival at Newmarket in May and June’s Epsom Derby have been postponed while June’s Royal Ascot may be held without spectators.', '* This year’s Shergar Cup, due to take place on Aug. 8, has been cancelled.', '* NASCAR postponed events at Kansas Speedway May 30-31, Michigan International Speedway June 5-7, the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Mid-Ohio May 30, and the Gander Trucks Series race at Texas Motor Speedway, previously scheduled for June 5.', '* The Bretagne World Rallycross at Loheac, scheduled to take place on Sept. 5-6, has been cancelled.', '* This year’s Silverstone Classic, scheduled for July 31-Aug. 2, has been cancelled.', '* Netball Superleague fixtures were postponed until at least May 31.', '* The 2020 US Rowing National Championships scheduled for July and the 2020 US Rowing Masters National Championships scheduled for August have been cancelled.', '* British Rowing extended the suspension of all its events to July 31. The British Rowing Offshore Championships & Beach Sprints and British Rowing Junior Championships have been cancelled.', '* Four Six Nations matches were postponed.', '* France’s rugby federation suspended all its competitions and will not be allowed to return until September.', '* The European rugby season was suspended after European Professional Club Rugby postponed Champions Cup and Challenge Cup quarter-final matches (April 3-5).', '* The semi-final and final of this season’s Champions Cup and Challenge Cup tournaments, which were due to take place in Marseille in May, have been postponed.', '* England’s Rugby Football Union and Wales’ governing body confirmed the end of the 2019-20 season for all league, cup and county rugby, but the English Premiership has been excluded.', '* Super Rugby suspended its season.', '* World Rugby has postponed all test matches scheduled for July.', '* This year’s Rugby League Challenge Cup final, scheduled for July 18 at Wembley Stadium, has been postponed.', '* The World Surfing League extended the postponement of events through June while also announcing a major overhaul for future tours, with details on a post-season surf-off to be announced in July.', '* The International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) scrapped all table tennis competitions until the end of July.', '* The Wimbledon championships were cancelled for the first time since World War Two.', '* The Fed Cup finals (Budapest; April 14-19) were postponed.', '* The Sept. 25-27 Laver Cup was cancelled to avoid a clash with the re-scheduled French Open.', '* ATP events in Hamburg, Bastad, Newport, Los Cabos, Gstaad, Umag, Atlanta and Kitzbuhel will not go ahead as scheduled while WTA events in Bastad, Lausanne, Bucharest and Jurmala scheduled for July will not be held.', '* The international volleyball federation (FIVB) cancelled this year’s Volleyball Nations League, which was scheduled to begin on May 19 for the women’s competition and May 22 for the men’s event.', '* Turkey cancelled its volleyball season on May 11.', '* The International Ski Federation cancelled the final races of the men’s Alpine skiing World Cup.', '* The World Cup finals in Cortina were cancelled along with the last three women’s races in Are.', '* The women’s world ice hockey championships in Canada were cancelled.', '* The Ice Hockey World Championship scheduled for Switzerland in May was cancelled.', '* The speed skating world championships in Seoul were postponed until at least October.', '* The March 16-22 world figure skating championships in Montreal were cancelled.', '* The Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) has cancelled the remainder of its season after temporarily suspending its playoffs.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/changing-landscape-and-emerging-trends-in-the-indian-it-ites-industry/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:52 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/changing-landscape-and-emerging-trends-in-the-indian-it-ites-industry/>
{'title': 'Changing landscape and emerging trends in the Indian IT/ITeS Industry.', 'cont': ['The COVID 19 pandemic has reshaped the fundamental fabric of our world. Initiating in China in late December 2019, the virus has since then spread to every corner of the world, infecting millions in its wake. Countries around the world have responded by shutting down their economies and advocating lockdowns of varying degrees. India has arguably had one of the most stringent lockdowns of all countries, restricting the movement of people, goods and effectively transforming every city into a ghost town.', 'Due to such stringent restrictions on movement, the economy has received a fatal blow. The virus arrived in India at a time when the country was already in strife, dealing with a slowing GDP growth rate and an ever-increasing fiscal deficit. The lockdown has simply exacerbated the economic predicament; pushing multiple businesses and industries to a moribund state. Other countries have also faced a similar predicament, particularly in the US and Europe, both being hotspots for virus transmission.', 'However, upon taking a closer look at the global economy, there seems to have been an upward mobilization in some of the sectors in the IT domain. These sectors seem to have exorbitantly increased their scale of operations and have overall reaped hefty profits. So what is it that differentiates these areas from the rest and what can we learn from them?', 'If we look at the evolving IT/ITeS industry around the world, the domains that have flourished in this strenuous time all have had one key characteristic in common; flexibility. These sectors have adopted a more flexible approach to dealing with the lockdown. Be it flexible working procedures or adopting newer, more advanced ways of working in line with the requirements of our time, they haven’t shied away from changing the rules of the game. Let’s look at some of these areas within the tech domain that have been successful in conquering the lockdown.', 'Lockdowns around the globe have confined people inside their homes, with nothing much to do of significance. As a result, social networking sites have reported a gigantic rise in user engagement over the lockdown period. Reportedly, there has been close to a 50% rise in daily text transmissions across messaging platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp in the hardest-hit economies. Twitter has reported a 23% increase in its user base as compared to last year. The data makes it evident that social media platforms are here to reap the benefits of a lockdown situation.', 'Video consumption sites such as YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok are in line to reap massive profits. It’s no wonder that viewership on these platforms has increased manifolds due to lockdowns. These platforms serve to be a distraction from the tragedies of the real world in such stressing times and offer an easy escape. Be it rumors regarding the cure for COVID 19, gossips, or rap battles; these platforms provide viewers with their much-needed dose of distractions. As they say, “ignorance is bliss”.', 'The lockdown has proven to be a miracle for data-mining companies. With such an exorbitant increase in the number of hours spent online globally, these firms now have access to significantly larger sets of data than they otherwise could ever have. Widespread implementation of data-mining has been seen recently with most countries opting for Government-regulated surveillance applications that monitor your movement at all times. Moreover, these applications have access to your personal information as well as medical records. Countries such as South Korea and Singapore are at the helm of relying on such means to control the outbreak.', 'Although noble, such initiatives do raise a red flag with regards to user privacy. The public has been provided with very little information about how these applications operate and what goes on behind the scenes. This creates an atmosphere of obscurity that is frankly harmful to the premise of a democracy.', 'Cloud computing has been on the rise for the last couple of years. However, the pandemic has made it the de facto king in terms of computational services. With an increasing reliance on remote working, the ability to store data in one secure location has turned out to be critical.', 'The cloud computing services such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud have reaped hefty profits in the process. The emerging landscape in the tech world seems to suggest an upward trend in reliability on these services as far as large scale data storage and computing is concerned.', 'Social distancing measures have made it practically impossible for people to physically go shopping for groceries and other necessities. Moreover, a majority of retail outlets in cities have reported negligible engagement, for the fear of transmission of the virus. E-commerce sites have been the real winners in this predicament of global consumerism.', 'With high standards of hygiene and at-home delivery, these sites have provided an easy alternative to retail stores. Other similar businesses include food delivery apps and grocery sites that are also flourishing today amidst the pandemic. Recent weeks have made it evident that E-commerce websites are well on their way to abolish traditional shopping methods.', 'Online streaming platforms consist of a relatively newer approach to entertainment; having only been in existence for the past couple of years. They had already, however, established a name for themselves before the lockdowns. Sites such as Netflix and Amazon Prime had been dominating a chunk of the market share and competing heavily with movie theatres for new releases, for a while now. Now with the lockdown practically deleting theatres and cable TV from the collective psyche of the entertainment industry, they are well on their way to becoming the platform of choice as far as entertainment for the masses is concerned.', 'This has already become evident, with Zee5 India reporting a whopping 80% increase in subscriptions and a 50% increase in the time spent on their site, within the first couple of weeks of the lockdown itself. Another such platform MUBI reported a 28% rise in its viewership in India only a week after lockdown commenced. These facts are a clear indication of the exponential growth that is in store for these platforms, which is unlikely to change anytime soon.', 'The idea of working from home is all set to be the new norm in our professional culture, which requires an easy and effective way to communicate over the internet. Not just audio or text, but video conferencing is the need today. Hence it’s understandable why multiple video conferencing services are set to reap massive profits off of the new norm.', 'Arguably the most popular of these, Zoom has reported a 130% increase in its price share since the beginning of 2020. Another such platform known as the Microsoft Teams collaboration suite, operated by Microsoft, has reported a whopping 12 million increase in its user base in the very first week of the lockdown in the US. This data is only likely to have an upwards trajectory considering the increasing pace at which industries are going online.', 'The Indian IT landscape has also undergone massive cultural changes. According to Rajesh Gopinathan, chief executive officer and managing director of Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., the “work from home” model of operations is here to stay. He also claimed that the firms only requires a 25% workforce to be physically present for any project at any of the locations.', 'Tata Consultancy Services which is one of the major players in the Indian IT landscape has shifted almost 90% of its workforce into a remote borderless workspace model, and other smaller firms have followed suit. What it tells us is that we’re headed in a direction we’re unlikely to return from. Remote working appears to be the modern protocol for operations and is unlikely to change anytime soon.', 'However, a major challenge often overlooked in such circumstances is that of an adaptable culture. The culture of workspaces has to be drastically altered and members of the workforce have to dive headfirst into the new way of doing business. This is critical to ensure that the industry can combat the pandemic and recover gloriously.', 'The lockdown has presented us with a stark contrast unlike any other we’ve witnessed. Where on the one hand, the industries mentioned above seem to be exhibiting exponential growth with their people thriving and having every possible resource at their disposal, the unorganized sector and the MSMEs (Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises) seem to be at the crux of death.', 'The sector that consists of people for whom having guidelines to work from home is irrelevant as that was never really an option; people with no fixed wages or social security to fall back on during this time of crisis. As a result of the lockdown, several of these MSMEs have effectively become inoperable and have resorted to massive layoffs just to survive. This has resulted in thousands of workers losing their jobs with nowhere to go to for refuge. A chunk of these people includes migrant workers who have lost their jobs and are left with little to no avenue to feed themselves. Not receiving significant support from the government, these people have been initiating treks back to their villages. What is witnessed is a massive influx of migrant workers flooding the highways, walking weeks to find shelter and food. Truck drivers responsible for delivering goods have also resigned stating that they have no means to eat because of the closure of every food joint on the highways. Both these realities present a stark contrast and expose a deep crack in our societal framework. One I reckon won’t heal anytime soon.', 'The COVID 19 pandemic has restructured our social fabric in a way that is unlikely to change anytime soon. The areas that we’ve discussed are likely to become the flagbearers of the digital revolution of the decade. An upward mobilization with regards to massive scale movement of industries online seems pertinent today being led by these domains in the IT industry. An unfortunate consequence of it is that a majority of the MSMEs may soon cease to exist, having been replaced by some of the other alternatives that we’ve discussed. It seems to be a never-ending circle where the ones who are making a profit out of this situation will continue to do so, while the others will be washed out from our collective memory.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:53 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/online-gaming-adolescent-online-gaming-effects-demotivated-depression-musculoskeletal-and-psychosomatic-symptoms/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:53 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/online-gaming-adolescent-online-gaming-effects-demotivated-depression-musculoskeletal-and-psychosomatic-symptoms/>
{'title': 'Online gaming: Adolescent online gaming effects demotivated, depression, musculoskeletal, and psychosomatic symptoms.', 'cont': ['A video game is any software program that can be played on a computing device, such as a personal computer, gaming console, or mobile device. Video games have been in existence since the early 1970s and have become increasingly popular, spanning different mobile (smartphones, tablets) and stationary (computer or console) platforms. Advances, particularly in mobile devices, have given birth to social networks and group gaming', 'Although the nature of gaming does not require physical stamina and therefore is not limited by factors such as age, gender, or fitness, it is most popular with adolescents. In 2018, the World Health Organization (WHO) classified gaming disorder in their International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11). The ICD-11 is a list of diseases and medical conditions that aids health professionals in making diagnoses and treatment plans for patients having various disorders. It should be noted that, the inclusion of gaming disorder in the ICD-11 by WHO has generated vigorous and sometimes contentious debate and discussion within the medical and mental health community. Although recognized as an area of clinical interest, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) published by the American Psychiatric Association suggests that more clinical research is required before Gaming Disorder is formally considered as a psychiatric disorder. Similarly, the WHO notes the inclusion of gaming disorder in ICD-11, to encourage more research into excessive gaming behavior, including its prevention and treatment.', '2018 WHO draft 11th Revision of the ICD-11 denotes the disorder as a pattern of “digital-gaming” or “video-gaming” behavior characterized by impaired control over gaming activity, increasing priority given to gaming over other activities to the extent that gaming takes precedence over other interests and daily activities, and the continuation or escalation of gaming despite the occurrence of negative consequences.', 'Online Gaming disorder has the same similarities with Internet gaming disorder (IGD), which is a condition that the American Psychiatric Association (APA) noted in DSM-5 as an area in need of additional study. The APA does not currently recognize IGD as an official condition. For gaming disorder to be diagnosed, the WHO criteria require that the behavioral pattern of the gamer must be of sufficient severity that major and noticeable impairment and deterioration in personal, family, social, educational, occupational or other important areas of functioning is present for a minimum of 12 months.', 'According to the WHO definition, a person with online gaming disorder will demonstrate the following characteristics for at least 12 months; problems controlling control their gaming habits, seeing gaming as more important over other necessities and daily activities or work, continuing to engage in gaming even after its negative health and social problems has been identified or are evident. Further research shows that gaming disorders can also be linked to anxiety, depression, obesity, sleeping disorders, and stress. People who remain physically inactive for long periods because of gaming may also be at higher risk of obesity, sleep disorders, and other health-related issues, according to WHO [1].', 'Video game-related health problems can cause continuous strain injuries, skin disorders, and other health issues. Other problems according to Shoja et al. (2007), include a condition that could be termed video game-provoked seizures in patients with pre-existing epilepsy. The following health consequences of video gaming have been reported.', 'Video game playing is associated with eye problems. Extensive and fixed staring at a video game screen causes eyestrain because the cornea, pupil, and iris are not biologically equipped for chronic heavy viewing of digital images from electronic devices. The visual system strain from frequent video game use over extended periods may result in headaches, dizziness, and in some cases, nausea and vomiting. Interestingly, there is some research that shows that gamers have an enhancement of spatial distribution of attention, compared with non-gamers. This somewhat predictable practice effect occurs with both peripheral and central visual attention. For sufferers of amblyopia (dimness or blurring of the eyesight due to a fault in transmission from the eye to the brain) video games may be helpful.', 'Persistent gamers may also suffer from musculoskeletal problems. A survey of children indicated increased physical complaints associated with video game playing. Such complaints range from pain in the hands and wrists to back and neck. Furthermore, a case report involving a nine-year-old teenager referenced Playstation thumb. Playstation thumb is, characterized by numbness and a blister is caused by friction between the thumb and the controller from rapid and persistent gameplay. Using dermoscopy, dermatologists discovered hemorrhages and onycholysis (the loosening or separation of a fingernail) in a patient who presented with hyperkeratosis. Also, tendon injuries (tendinosis) of the hands and wrists from tendon overuse, is another health problem associated with video game playing. Furthermore, another case report in the New England Journal of Medicine reported a fracture of the base of the fifth metatarsal from people who play Wii video games. This condition has been termed (perhaps sarcastically), a Wii fracture. There are also postural problems associated with the persistent playing of video games, although, ergonomic measures (including chair to monitor position) could potentially improve postural problems associated with video game playing.', 'Playing video games consistently has been associated with obesity. This is maybe related to the lack of physical activity in players. Alternatively, it could be that those who are less physically fit because of obesity gravitate towards less physically demanding activities, such as gaming. In either case, several studies have linked television and video games and increased Body Mass Index (BMI). It has been estimated that children in the United States spend 25% of their waking hours watching either television or playing video games. Furthermore, children who watch the most hours of television or play video games have the highest incidence of obesity. If video games are replacing physical activities and young people do not participate in physical recreation or see playing of video games as a form of recreation, this may be part of the link between times spent while playing video games and a rise in BMI in teenagers. Evidence for this potential link gains some support from a German study reporting that boys who spend no more than 1.5 hours per day engaged in television watching or playing video games, were 75.4% less likely to be overweight than those who spend more than 1.5 hours engaged in the same activity.', 'In a 2011 study, an association between video game activity and an increase of (mostly junk) food intake was reported. Specifically, single video game sessions caused an increase in food intake, regardless of appetite. It has also been suggested that active video game play using two popular gaming platforms has the opposite effect. Other researchers found no evidence that more active video games would result in a beneficial outcome although the study did demonstrate an increase in the amount of physical activity within the children receiving the active video games.', 'Health concerns ', ' may cause epileptic seizures started in the early 1980s. The first medically documented case of a video game-induced seizure was reported in 1981. In 1993, a story in the popular press (Sun newspaper) reported that a boy choked to death on his own vomit during a seizure triggered by playing a video game. Similar but less serious incidents were subsequently reported by news media around the world, ultimately motivating video game console manufacturers to include that epilepsy warnings in the instruction manuals for their gaming products. In 1994 it was reported that video games only cause seizures in people already predisposed to epilepsy and advised that people with a predisposition to epilepsy can greatly reduce the risk of a seizure by staying 10 feet or more away from the TV set and wearing sunglasses while playing video games. This is clearly an area in need of additional research.', 'The cost: benefit value of prevention versus treatment of addiction disorders has been known for many years. It is important and beneficial to make use of several types of strategies in combating gaming addictiveness or disorder. Effective strategies include: educating gamers about gaming behaviors and consequences on their mental health; treatment geared towards helping the gamer to control his/her urge for video games, recognizing and dealing with disturbing thoughts and learning how to cope without video games; intrapersonal and interpersonal counseling to help gamers to explore their identity, build self-esteem, and enhance their emotional intelligence outside the fictional world of gaming and learning communication and assertiveness skills needed in social interactions; family involvement, including counseling and discussion family and other relationships; and developing new lifestyles. The latter is particularly important and to paraphrase the well-known mantra of Alcoholics Anonymous, it’s all about, people, places, and things. To prevent the persistent playing of video games, people need to explore new activities, set new goals and metrics of achievements beyond video game scores.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:53 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/human-rights-outlook/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:53 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/human-rights-outlook/>
{'title': 'Human Rights Outlook', 'cont': ['Read on to discover what our robot, Athena, has found on the future of this topic and act accordingly for you, your family, and organization in the years ahead. Make notes on issues that could affect you and them as you go.', 'If you are new to foresight, we recommend you\xa0', '\xa0to get the best out of this report', 'Speed read Athena’s high-level take-outs on the left of each slide, or delve deeper into her findings on the right.', 'For a more detailed explanation of the graphics used in this presentation please click\xa0', '. All outlooks based on the time period 2020-2070 and what’s likely to be happening in 2025 at a 95% confidence level unless otherwise stated. Please contact us for longer-term outlooks.', 'To read more and for a video summary, ']}
2022-07-07 01:09:53 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-voice-search-makes-your-business-a-successful-business/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:53 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-voice-search-makes-your-business-a-successful-business/>
{'title': 'How Voice search makes your business a successful business.', 'cont': ['Finding ways to make using the Internet easier is something most modern consumers are passionate about. Since the rise of AI-infused technology like Amazon’s Alexa or Apple’s Siri, voice search has grown increasingly popular. In fact, nearly\xa060 percent of people all over the world\xa0use voice search at least once a day.', 'As this technology grows more popular and complex with each passing day, business owners are starting to take notice of voice search. Capitalizing on this trend is only possible when optimizing the content on your website for voice search. Are you trying to make your website more voice search-friendly? If so, check out the following tips.', 'In the past, if you wanted relevant answers from a voice recognition technology, well—good luck with that. But today, machine learning systems can compete with people in terms of accuracy. Google’s voice recognition, Google is now able to understand human language with 95 percent accuracy', 'These improvements mean that, while you can trust good voice systems to match customers with the right products, services, or information with increasing degrees of nuance, leading businesses already have set customer expectations for delivery. Thanks to machine learning algorithms that can detect speech and respond with meaningful results.', 'Because voice search systems are at a point where they actually can perform reliably and meet customer expectations just as well (if not better) than traditional query options, customer trust in them is growing:', 'Yet, only\xa04% of businesses\xa0are properly optimized for voice search. What’s with the disconnect? In other words, business leaders are at an ideal intersection where reliable systems are available and there are still many customers who haven’t been reached or who might want more out of the systems they currently use. Bringing those systems and customers together will help companies avoid being left behind.', 'When people use voice search, they don’t just want to locate a great pair of shoes or a TV.\xa0People want all kinds of other information, such as your store hours, how to connect to support specialists, and when you’re having your next sale. This is partly why some experts have predicted a “totally different internet” within the next five to 10 years, one where voice-activated chatbots have all but replaced the e-commerce channels we’re used to using. ', 'Shoppers are also after general tips that can take some of the friction out of everyday life—think life hacks and how-tos. In fact, words like “how,” “what,” “best,” and “easy” are among the top voice search queries. This means that when it comes to online marketing, you probably need to change your entire optimization approach, taking elements like grammar and semantics, the structure of your site, and structured data markup that influences Google’s ability to find your content. Of course, optimizing from the start, not as an afterthought, is ideal.', 'Voice Search can be used on both desktop and mobile searches. We can see that customers want different types of information from voice systems, they also can use it at many points in the customer journey. For example, about half of shoppers use voice to research products, even “near me” searches results are mostly done by customers.\xa0Customers also use voice to:', 'These statistics show you should think beyond just having customers find you or your products. Voice search and commands can take your buyers from start to finish, so give your customers as much convenience and satisfaction as possible by integrating voice options into more types of interactions.', 'A\xa0survey\xa0showed that, once a consumer makes a local voice search, their next most common action is to call the business (28%). Customers also are highly likely to visit company websites (27%), show up at the company’s location (19%), and do more research into that business or additional businesses (14% and 12%, respectively). So, in short, while voice services can allow a customer to complete many steps without human interaction, you shouldn’t see it as a total substitute. Many people are going to take further steps after the initial search, and they still will want to hear a human voice respond back once in a while. They are going to have more questions, and they’re willing to physically connect with you and what you offer. Don’t drop the ball in other areas, like making your site aesthetically pleasing and easy to navigate, having enough staff ready to chat, listing an accurate contact number, or keeping your store well-stocked. Voice search already is shifting the way customers engage with brands, but there’s still time for companies of any size to get involved with voice systems in ways that can benefit both the customer and the business’s bottom line. The next step is to find voice search solutions. However, as with other technologies, these are not necessarily one size fits all, meaning it’s critical to shop around and be specific about your goals. If you can customize and update your options in a scalable way, they’ll be even more effective for your business.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-the-covid-19-crisis-is-redefining-jobs-and-services/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-the-covid-19-crisis-is-redefining-jobs-and-services/>
{'title': 'How the COVID-19 crisis is redefining jobs and services?', 'cont': ['The pandemic has shaken the world in the way one had hardly imagined. The impact of it on Jobs and Services is going to be long-lasting and it will be the foundation stone of revolution in these sectors. With the work from home and social distancing norms is altering the way of work, the way we interact, what work we will do, how the work will be done, and whatnot. To just give an example, in the middle of the first lockdown, FMCG major Hindustan Unilever (HUL) went ahead with its merger. It took place online entirely. Yes, it took place online. Who could have ever imagined the merger can take place online?', 'Change is inevitable. But some changes are temporary and some are permanent. The pandemic is bringing changes that are going to be permanent. In fact, these changes were due for a long time and we’re coming at a slow pace. What the pandemic has done is, it has become the catalyst for these changes and raised the ante for change. So, what exactly the changes will be? Let’s look at them one by one.', 'The first change is going to be the extensive use of digital communication from now onwards. The Zoom, Jio Meet, Google Meet, and some derivatives like these are going to be the forever meeting rooms where the important discussions will be held. This may be bad news for the employees who are older than 40 years. They would not have pictured themselves doing such transformation at this part of life. Experts believe that the new normal in the offices are going to be hierarchy-less. The older employees would have to work with the younger ones. There would be no geographical boundaries and where the communication and software adaptability among employees is going to be crucial. The symbol of power will be less visible and the decentralization of power in the office will be prominent. There will be more egalitarianism in companies. The corporates will think much more about office space. Rather than expending too much on physical infrastructure, the online infrastructure will always be in their hindsight. The impact would be more prudent in small and mid-sized businesses. The physical offices itself might disappear from such businesses. But it’s not going to be easy for companies. The security and confidentiality of the authentic information going out of the offices’ building are going to be the largest concern in the new normal world. There would be no surprise if a lot of start-ups will bloom in the near future providing software for security for the data and information of the companies. Also, travel is going to be reduced. So, the major component of CTC where the companies fooling the employees must find the other way.', 'The second change is going to be struck down on employees. Already many of the companies and start-ups are reducing the workforce. It is expected that new normal offices would work with an 80% workforce of that of the current workforce. Automation is on the verge. Due to safety reasons, the companies are going to be more and more leaned towards automation with a minimal touch of human possible. This might result in a loss of jobs in some sectors, but it will also create new jobs in the automation sector. It was evident from before pandemic too but now the velocity for the same would be increased. In the new normal tech-enabled world, the job which would be at stake dominantly would be managers’ managers. The IT firms have started firing the vice presidents and assistant vice presidents who draw hefty salaries but don’t really drive the business. In the designation-less set up in the near future accelerated by Pandemic, they automatically become redundant. For the first time, the employees might be given jobs that would require more than the standard jobs. Also, when the workforce in the company would be less in the company, the employees might be given the option of working for extra time or working on the weekends and would be incentivized for the same rather than employing more staff and paying them full salary. It is a win-win situation for both employees and companies. Employees can earn more than what they usually earn and will get to learn new which would be out of their primary domain. The companies would be able to keep their costs low through this. The assessment of employees might change too. Rather than going for an annual performance review, the employees might be evaluated based on the tasks they perform. Creativity and innovation are going to be swords for the employees in the new normal world rather than designations in the office. \xa0', 'The other change might be in the services sector. The services like which involves maximum human touch will be the one which will be affected most adversely. The safety concerns and confidence of people over the system are going to be the issue for at least the next few years. It also opens the opportunity for something very new. The products which could replace the need for visiting such services centers are going to create a boom in the market. According to McKinsey, the sales for such products are multiplying rapidly.', 'There are speculations that the economies will tend to become Minimalist economies. Let’s dig deep into this. Minimalist economies are the economies where people tend to refrain from purchasing luxurious items and focuses on purchasing necessities more and more.\xa0 Well, this is the position we are in right now during the pandemic. People are expensing only necessary items like groceries and the demand for luxurious items is way below average. But it would be hard to stay the same as this. The minimalist economy will result in the deterioration of the economy in the short term. It is true that in the minimalist economy the demand might be low, but it would be wrong to assume the demand will be zero. The high-quality products will gather the attention of the purchasers. It is evident from past experiences that the economy always finds its way to come back from the mode of minimalist economy. Though this time may take some time, it will surely return on track.', 'But every trouble comes with an opportunity. This is the time for the companies to act now and grab the opportunities the pandemic has brought with him. But for that companies are required to follow plans, formulate strategies to suit their needs, and pay more attention to the innovation. The companies must form plans for the five stages from here. These stages are 5Rs: Resolve, Resilience, Return, Reimagination, and Reform.', ' In the resolve phase companies need to formulate a nerve center to combat Corvid itself. The tendency of the company should not be like that, they will return only after everything becomes normal. In most parts of the country, permission is granted to the companies for their operations. If they wait for normalcy, then bankruptcy might catch them before the normalcy.', 'The resilience phase includes maintaining liquidity, addressing solvency, and grow for sustainability. All businesses should know when their cash crunch is coming. Addressing these cash crunches will be crucial for the companies. Businesses must take aggressive options to remain solvent. For example, the businesses might have cash in their hand but might be poor in operational efficiency then it requires the attention of the company. Organizations solving issues of liquidity and solvency will be in a better position to grow with sustainability.', 'In the third phase of return the companies will have to plan for the time when everything will be back on track. Given the possibility of subsequent waves of coronavirus the companies need new ways of working to prevent, identify, report, and contain future flareups. Many industries will face this problem of returning. Staying prepared for resurgence scenarios should include a multi-scenario modeling exercise. Reverting to non-COVID-19 care will require extensive planning and market testing.', 'The phase of reimagining will include the learnings from the pandemic. A small virus and the whole economy at the toss. The businesses will have to introspect them and must look for advancements in technologies such that this kind of pandemic in the future will not disturb their efficiency too much. The pandemic has taught us that the decision which took weeks and months in the normal world can be accelerated and can be taken in some days. This should become a permanent feature. Cross organizational collaboration has become much easier. This should stay in the long run.', 'The last phase is the reform. In this phase, the companies should look at their bottlenecks and try to fix them. Also, the companies will have to reconsider their relationship with their customers. The confidence in their brands, they must regain it.', 'There are three ways to shift work, talent, and skills to where and when they are needed most, thereby building the organizational resilience and agility necessary to navigate uncertain times and rebound with strength when the economy recovers.', 'In this dismal situation it is more important than ever most of the staff should be in the critical tasks. The tasks could be like the customer complaints redressal. We know that the customers are the ones who make the businesses successful. Thus, retaining their confidence is the utmost priority. The organizations can convert some of the staff to address the queries and concerns of customers. The organizations require to create virtual offices. There should not be the geographical boundaries within the organization. The employees from all over the world from the organization should come together and take the organization back to pre-corvid state. By breaking out of rigid job constraints, the right talent and work can be matched to solve evolving business challenges in real-time.', 'This was happening before the pandemic too. But accelerating it with pace has now become the need of the hour. The perception that automation is a job-killer is totally wrong and in fact, it is the mandatory capability to deal with the crisis. Organizations can increase automation in call centers. This will reduce the response time.', 'Temporarily moving employees from some industries like airlines, restaurants, hospitality can be moved to those organizations which have maximum work at this time like healthcare and logistics.', 'To conclude, the companies should understand “Lives come first, but livelihood matters”. The pandemic will have some adverse effects on jobs and services, but this is not the end. The pandemic has brought many opportunities with him and if they are grabbed then the organizations would be in much better position even compared to pre-corvid situations. The companies need to understand the pandemic is not going to be forever. The last concluding sentence will be corona will bring changes but there will not be a revolution in jobs and services.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-increase-social-media-engagement-for-marketers/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-to-increase-social-media-engagement-for-marketers/>
{'title': 'How to increase social media engagement for marketers?', 'cont': ['Social media is such a staple of our evolving digital culture that it’s almost hard to imagine a time without updates, likes, comments, and shares. People are more concerned about how their food looks than about how it tastes. Thus, it has become necessary for any brand to have a social media presence. The phrase “Out of sight, out of mind” has never been so apt than in today’s time. Social media is as much about engagement with other people as it is about sharing content. It’s why we call it “social” media.', 'Social media engagement simply is the interaction between the customer and the brand on social media platforms. Where else are you going to find a huge database of your target demographic who are already in the mind frame to read, click on, and share your message?', 'In practicality it is not about a one-off communication but more about the construction of a long-term relationship with your target customers. Hence, when we talk about such a relationship it is imperative to consider the positive actions of users as a reaction of any brand’s engagement tactics.', 'A fundamental customer journey can be envisaged in the form of customer funnel. The touchpoints available at every step can be shown as:\xa0', 'To understand the reach of social media by the use of numbers', 'How many retweets on Twitter? How many reactions to the post on Facebook? How many likes on Instagram? How many shares on Linked In? This seems to be the new age Resume.', 'Thus, a good question or mystery for any brand is how to measure their social media engagement. As with most online actions, it’s often difficult to measure offline benefits. More often than not the online campaigns do not drive any conversions on the same day/week, but a user may see those posts and become more familiar with the brand. That familiarity, later on, might result in him choosing that brand over an unknown competitor. Social media engagement as a result helps businesses in developing their brand’s personality, improves visibility, and becomes its voice.', 'Customers exhibit dynamic behavior based on the type of product. It could range from picking and variety-seeking to high involvement processes comprising extensive information search. Top of the mind recall rules due to this purchasing behavior implies that targeted advertising and marketing is extremely important. No one engagement strategy can be applied across brands. Each brand’s strategy must differ based on what the brand is trying to sell, its target customers, and the beliefs of the brand.', 'Some of the key aspects of marketing strategy that we have influenced as vital cogs in the digital marketing wheel are:', 'Influencer marketing involves a brand collaborating with an online influencer to market one of its products or services. Here the audience doesn’t care much about your brand but the opinions of the influencers.', 'An influencer as being someone who has:', '2017 saw Chanel being named as the most influential luxury brand on social media. Since then, it has continued to grow and diversify its portfolio, while providing constant engagement to its plethora of followers, especially on Instagram.\xa0', 'Cross-channel marketing or multi-channel marketing is the practice of using multiple channels to reach an audience. Because not everyone uses every single platform, it’s a good idea to have a presence on a few, and share some of the same content across the different networks. What makes a difference in this marketing strategy is the choice of platforms. Apart from using basics like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter a clever use of Spotify, YouTube, or IGTV to showcase the brand can make a real difference.', 'The luxury vehicle brand, Land Rover’s cross-channel marketing includes the Google Display Network, homepage masthead and Masthead in Lightbox ads on YouTube, and visibility through mobile, search, and Google+. The brand’s digital campaign included four different influencers who created visual content for their blogs by taking trips to places like Glacier National Park and the Appalachian Mountains and Land Rover’s microsite. Their cross-channel efforts resulted in 100 million impressions from YouTube, and a 10% increase in search ad CTR. Further results found that online leads from its digital channel efforts now account for 15% of the brand’s total sales.', 'The content created on social media must add some value addition to the customers. The brand must constantly keep informing the customers about their existing products, new products, achievements of the brands, or even casual content. There should be “Wow, I didn’t know this” factor. Only then will they become regular followers of the brand.', 'An example of this would be a cosmetic brand posting make-up tutorials. Fenty Beauty is one such prime example, which has built up to 1.4m followers within just 4 days of its launch, eventually garnering close to 10m followers, with Rihanna being one of their icons.', '“Customer is King” is a known concept. It is the foundation of traditional marketing. So while we shift to Social platforms brands must not forget them. Understanding their needs, addressing them, inviting them to respond and take part in the brand’s online activities while keeping it interesting and entertaining for the customer is the key.', 'Founder and CEO of Glossier, Emily Weiss, described the brand as, “the first socially-driven beauty brand.” Glossier was certainly the pioneer in the term ‘Instagram brands’ – using the platform not only to build awareness but also to have focused conversation with the customer. Glossier often crowdsources product development, asking its Instagram followers what they’d like to see next.\xa0', 'The content creation must be dynamic and suitable for the current season, festival, or event that is happening. People must be able to relate to the posts and they must get excited after seeing it.', 'Starbucks does a marvelous job when it comes to being dynamic. Their one-off recipes and continuous hype around seasonal events and related drinks have won them a silver IPA Effectiveness award for its social strategy in 2018. The launch of its now iconic ‘Unicorn Frappuccino’, spurred on the trend of brands deliberately creating ‘Instagrammable’ food and drink. As\xa0a result, there are now 557,232 posts using the hashtag #PumpkinSpiceLatte.', 'Now of course the real motive behind any marketing activity is to eventually sell the product. So it becomes extremely important to not lose the essence of the product while marketing. In simple terms, the content or strategy must not leave the customer confused about what the brand actually does or what it is trying to sell.', 'To support the product-centric statement, Oreo is the best example. Oreo’s social media strategy has never diverged from its original formula. Completely product-focused and yet always creative, the brand continuously finds ways to put its cookies center stage. The ‘Daily Twist’ campaign to mark its 100th birthday, saw the brand turn its Oreo cookie into something of cultural relevance for 100 days, including Elvis Presley, a baseball, and a rainbow flag in support of Pride.\xa0', '“A picture is worth 1,000 words”. This adage has never been more apt than in the age of social media.\xa0 This is why visuals are so important in any marketing strategy. You can talk about a product all day, but until you’re able to put it in front of someone’s eyes, it’s not going to have nearly the same effect. Visual content marketing is a great way to make this happen and can be broken down into six basic types- comics, memes, infographics, photos, videos and visual note-taking.', 'Coca-Cola has been a leader and trendsetter in the visual content marketing space for years. The 2020 initiative video paved the way for multiway communication, as opposed to the single way process that was prevalent.\xa0', 'The barrier for electronic platforms has always been the loss of touch. Customers often complain that till they don’t touch, try or test the product they are not convinced if they want to purchase it. This can also be true for products that are new and the customers need to be educated about its use. Hence it becomes important for brands to bridge this gap as far as possible through their online medium.', 'Product demonstrations are considered one of the most promising and upcoming applications of AR technology, giving brands a way to provide an immersive experience to consumers. Gucci partnered with Snapchat for the first global branded AR shoe try on the lens, hugely increasing fanfare!', 'Corporate Social Responsibility should not be missed when it comes to social media engagement. If a brand has the reach to spread awareness then they must use it. Creating content to spread social awareness adds an emotional touch too. If a customer connects with a brand on an emotional level its hard for competitors to break it.', 'Dove’s steady and impactful social message still stands out as marketing that’s more than just marketing. The ‘Real Beauty’ campaign has been refreshed multiple times since it first launched in 2004. Dove’s latest campaign once again highlighted the core message, going far beyond surface aesthetic to focus on the beauty of real human values. The ‘Courage is Beautiful’ campaign successfully honored the healthcare workers who have been working selflessly throughout the 2020 pandemic.', 'The fact remains that the share of mind and voice are key elements to being the dominant force in the world today. Social media marketing has leveraged all the elements and made its presence felt in every customer engagement. Finding unique ways to really stand out among the competition is key to a successful digital marketing strategy. Newer and more customized tools to feel the pulse of the market come up every single day, to meet the ever-changing needs of marketing heads. At the end of the day, ‘customer is indeed king’. And companies would do well to remember it!\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impacts-of-covid-19-on-streets-sides-food-stalls/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impacts-of-covid-19-on-streets-sides-food-stalls/>
{'title': 'Impacts of COVID 19 on Streets Sides Food Stalls', 'cont': ['Petty Entrepreneurs like Streetside Food Stalls form an essential part of an economy that plays a significant role in balancing the development of a nation’s economy. The importance of street food vendors not only helps in increasing the country’s per capita income but also helps to make a living for the unemployed in society with a limited investment. Most of them are the sole breadwinners for their families. So, with the Covid-19 wreaking havoc, the uncertainty of the lockdown policies increased the concern of people over hygiene and the lack of investment to upgrade their businesses to provide better hygiene facilities that can take away food from their mouths.', '\xa0Various states have provided relief packages and support but, in a country, as populous as ours, it has hardly been appropriately implemented. Delhi, for instance, recently announced a rupee 500 million stimulus package to nearly 500,000 rupees, recognizing the severe consequences of the loss of livelihoods. The seller’s intended remedy is a credit loan that provides all sellers with an initial working capital of Rs 10,000, but this is not enough. Instead of loans, the government should consider converting them directly into income benefits, cash subsidies to secure a livelihood in order to initiate income-generating activities on a regular basis. Sellers need income support to get back to work, and if they can’t, they will never be able to repay the loan amount. In an ever-changing crisis, organizations need to take a step forward and ensure that providers are provided with the resources they need to make a living. Pandemics have had a vast economic impact on every sector, but the most vulnerable sectors, such as street vendors, suffer the most. Decreased income can affect most necessities, such as payments to family and yourself. Due to a lack of fixed salaries, stalls cannot quit their jobs. If possible, it might be only a few days, unlike regular employees. For them, the risk of infection is far less frightening than hunger.', 'Unlike many of the businesses, most of these food vendors lack the infrastructure to go online and sell products through platforms like Swiggy or Zomato.', ' says Dilip Das, a Street side food stall owner at Sector V, Kolkata. Dilip Das used to run a small streetside food stall that provided meals to all the employees around the area which is filled with multinational companies. It was a booming business till the arrival of Covid. Then with the lockdown arriving, almost all the companies opted for Work from Home policies. Dilip tried to start deliveries, but with a lack of support and fear of infection, that business ended before it even started.', 'Citing similar reasons, Swapan Mondal, who runs a south Indian food stall at Park Street said that he did know how to operate a smartphone. And since sales were good, he did not care about learning either. But with the implementation of lockdown which took place within 4 hours, people like Swapan barely had time to cope with the changes.', 'Furthermore, the Covid 19 pandemic made people realize how important trains are in our life. With most of the train network suspended, the entire supply chain was disrupted. Hundreds of quintals of food products rotted away, awaiting the logistical issues to fix. Many businesses could not afford to run without proper supplies as well.', 'To handle such issues, vendors organizations may consider the following solutions:', 'The impact of COVID19 was extremely severe for informal workers who ran out of capital and income and to try to feed themselves during this long embargo. Sellers need to be able to resume sales in order to survive, and governments need to take steps to reopen the market and bring sellers back to the business.', 'India has different types of traditionally crowded markets, even weekly markets (fresh food, cooked food, and essentials) and daily roadside markets. These markets have to reopen with the need for social distance in mind, and the government needs to publish guidelines for that. In the future, sales areas will also need to be designed with social distance and the need for adequate sanitation (running water, wash areas, toilets) in mind. Authorities need to work with the Town Bending Commission (TVC).', 'Once the restrictions are lifted and the impact of Covid 19 is somewhat manageable, sellers who have been at home for months will need direct income benefits to help them to return to work. The government initiative is a welcome move, but not in terms of the type of bailout and eligibility is enough. In addition, there are very few registered providers in India, so government relief and support must be separated from the very strict registration requirements. In Delhi alone,\xa0 of the approximately 300,000 street vendors, only approximately 13100 have some sort of professional ID. If all types of cash grants or livelihood support standards relate to job identification by the state,\xa0 the government must also accept registration with workers’ organizations/unions on behalf of government-issued sales badges.', 'The government and municipal corporations need to take the initiative and running water, and soap/sanitizers need to be provided for street vendors at their place of work. Moreover, the streetside food vendors should work with food safety authorities in the country to train themselves in different ways to maintain hygiene whilst working.', 'Many small businessmen and food vendors do not even know their rights and the benefits they can claim. If they did, many still have no idea about how to claim them. Proper awareness camps need to be set up to help these small-time food vendors to know how they can get assistance and help from the government and return back to the business.', 'When Covid was an unknown word, these shopkeepers and vendors brought the taste to our mouth, gave us memories to live for, filled our bellies, and quenched our thirst when we needed them. It’s time to provide them with a hand now when they need it.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:54 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-energy-markets-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:55 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-energy-markets-2/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus impact on energy markets', 'cont': ['The coronavirus, also known as COVID-19, is not only a global public health emergency but also a source of significant regional and increasingly global economic disruption. This impacts the energy and climate world in many ways.\xa0The economic downturn puts pressure on global oil prices leading the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to consider further cuts to production. It hurts the demand for natural gas during a time of extremely low prices.\xa0It changes the economic,\xa0energy, and climate policymaking environment in China, one of the most consequential energy consumers and sources of greenhouse gas emissions. And it has temporarily disrupted supply chains throughout the energy industry, including renewable energy, at a time when supply chain connections with China were being revaluated due to ongoing tariff and trade disputes. How consequential or transformative any of these changes are for the energy sector or for climate efforts will depend upon the ultimate trajectory of the virus outbreak itself', '—\xa0', 'The energy sector has already felt the impacts of the coronavirus. The outbreak has contributed to a dampened demand for oil, resulting in plummeting oil prices and production declines. As we move forward, then, the energy sector expects to face two headwinds: managing the issues of the health emergency all sectors face, and simultaneously coping with a low oil-price scenario, lower demand and the need to shore up revenue and manage debt obligations.', 'In India, distribution utilities have a lower tariff for domestic and agricultural consumers, sometimes even below the average cost of supply, as compared to that for commercial and industrial consumers. Table 1 provides the electricity tariff rates in Delhi for selected consumer categories to highlight these differences. Thus, for several distribution companies, the lower tariff-paying consumers are cross-subsidized by commercial and industrial consumers.', 'The COVID-19 lockdown has led to shut down of all but essential commercial activities across the country. Approximately 1.3 billion citizens are obliged to remain within the confines of their homes and, in many cases, only allowed to work from home. Consequently, the electricity demand from industrial and, commercial customers has reduced significantly while the residential demand is expected to have increased. According to the Power System Operation Corporation of India (POSOCO), The energy met on March 16', ', 2020 – which can be considered as a business-as-usual scenario – was 3494 MU as compared to 3113 MU on March 23', ', 2020 a day of voluntary curfew.\xa0It further reduced to a range between 2600-2800', 'MU\xa0between March 25', '\xa0to March 31', ', 2020. This trend is illustrated in the below Figure 1.', 'Thus, firstly, a key risk from the COVID-19 pandemic for the already struggling distribution companies in India arises from the loss of revenues due to the reduction of demand from the commercial and industrial customers as well as the inability to cover the cross-subsidies provided to the lower-tariff paying consumer. Secondly, the utilities would also have to account for the expense to comply with any ‘must buy’ commitments that they have with generators with long-term power purchase agreements. The true and full extent of this risk would only be known once a quantitative analysis is conducted when this crisis situation is contained. Thirdly, at an operational level, distribution companies would have to account for deviation in demand and supply patterns at a temporal and locational level. Finally, during this period, critical infrastructure such as electricity networks would have to be run with minimum employees.', 'As seen in Figure 1, the trade on the wholesale power market comprises just 4.3 percent of the total electricity transactions. However, the transactions through the power exchanges have grown over the last decade. The Indian Energy Exchange (IEX)\xa0has seen a growth from 2616 MU in FY 2009 to 52,241 in FY 2019.', 'Until now, the trade in the wholesale market is in four market segments:', '1) Day-Ahead Market', '\xa02) Term Ahead Market', '\xa03) Renewable Energy Certificates', '4) Energy-saving certificates.', '\xa0Recently, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) finalized the regulations for implementing real-time markets. This\xa0half-hourly market\xa0will enable the intra-day trade of electricity, allowing adjustment of generation and consumption profile during the day. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, it was announced by CERC that the real-time market would be operational from April 1', ', 2020. However, the starting date has now been delayed by two months to June 1', ', 2020.\xa0According to media reports, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, some required trials could not be completed. This delay in the real-time market implementation is likely to have a serious, adverse impact on the Indian power market.', 'Another impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the power markets is in terms of the market dynamic. It can be observed that there is a dip in the clearing volume and the market-clearing price, which coincides with the gradually increasing shutdown measures taken by the government as a response to COVID-19 (See Figure 2). Thus, the reduction in demand due to the lockdown is reflected in the volumes traded on the electricity market and the clearing price.', 'Another point of reference is the price and clearing volume in 2019. On March 22nd, 2020, the day of voluntary lockdown, the clearing volume was 97.05 GWh, and the clearing price was 2195.48 ₹ /MWh. In comparison,\xa0on the same day in 2019, the clearing volume was 107.98 GWh, and the clearing price was 2816.18 ₹ /MWh. From the start of the lockdown, from March 25nd to April 1st 2020, the average clearing volume was 104.27 GWh compared to 130.24 GWh in 2019 during the same period. Similarly,\xa0the average market clearing price\xa0was 2155.93 ₹ /MWh in 2020 as compared to 3371.025 ₹ /MWh in 2019 for the same period.', 'The lockdown has resulted in a shutdown of the industrial and commercial establishments and the stoppage of passenger railway services. This has adversely impacted the all India electricity demand, given that these segments constitute about 40% of the all India electricity demand, a statement issued by the rating firm said.', 'Further, these segments account for an even greater percentage of the Discoms sales revenues given that they are the subsidizing segments. This apart, with the focus of state governments being on healthcare and relief measures, the likelihood of subsidy support to the Discoms getting deferred cannot be ruled out, it added.', 'ICRA Ratings Group Head and Senior Vice President – Corporate ratings Sabyasachi\xa0Majumdar said, “The lockdown imposed by the government is likely to adversely impact the all India electricity demand, with demand expected to decline by about 20-25% on a year-on-year basis during the period of lockdown. This would in turn adversely impact the revenues and cash collections for distribution utilities in the near term, especially given the consumption decline from the high tariff paying industrial and commercial consumers and likely delays in cash collections from other consumer segments. The revenue deficit for the Discoms is estimated to be about Rs. 130 billion per month, on an all India basis. This would in turn adversely impact the liquidity profile of the Discoms, increase their subsidy requirement, and lead to delays in payments to the power generation and transmission companies.”', 'The power ministry on Friday issued directors to the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission to provide a moratorium of three months to Discoms on payments to power generation and transmission companies.', 'The power ministry on Friday issued directors to the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission to provide a moratorium of three months to Discoms on payments to power generation and transmission companies and requested state governments to issue similar directions to state electricity regulators.', 'The power generation companies are already suffering delays in payments by Discoms across the majority of states, with payment due of more than Rs 85000 crore as of November 2019 at all India level as per the data on PRAAPTI portal.', 'With COVID-19 lockdown accentuating the delays in payments, the availability of adequate liquidity buffer in the form of debt service reserve and undrawn working capital limits remains important from a credit perspective.', 'However, it said that relief measures such as a moratorium on debt servicing over a 3-month period as notified by Reserve Bank of India and expected moderation in the interest rate cycle would be a source of comfort in the near term. The timely approval of the moratorium by the boards of the banks and financial institutions remains crucial.', 'The revenues for power generation companies having long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs) with the state distribution utilities (Discoms) will be protected by the provision for capacity charges linked to plant availability in case of thermal and large hydropower projects and “must-run” status in case of nuclear and renewable power projects.', 'Average monthly thermal PLF would further dip to 50-52% against 63% in the corresponding period of the previous year, due to a considerable drop in demand and consequently, power generation companies especially those without any long-term PPAs would be adversely impacted given the weakening of the power tariffs in the short-term / power exchange market, said ICRA Ratings Sector Head & Vice President GirishkumarKadam.', 'The under-construction renewable power projects as well as EPC and manufacturing companies in the solar segment are likely to face execution delays because of disruption in the supply chain in India and labor availability, following the lockdown. Given the import dependency on China for sourcing PV modules, the execution timelines for the ongoing solar projects are likely to be affected by delays in the delivery of PV modules following the outbreak of COVID 19 in China.', 'This delay in turn would increase the pre-operative expenses and the overall project cost, which in turn would have an impact on the expected returns.', 'In this context, the MNRE has notified that time extension can be provided for all renewable energy projects, which are impacted by the supply chain disruption due to the COVID outbreak, under the force majeure clause.', '“Given the execution headwinds amid COVID 19 affecting Q1 of FY2020-21 and assuming the normalcy thereafter, the capacity addition in the wind and solar segments together is likely to degrow by about 25%, thus estimated at about 8 GW against earlier estimates of 11 GW in FY2020-21,” said Kadam.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:55 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-5/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:55 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-5/>
{'title': 'COVID-19 Impact on Hospitality Industry', 'cont': ['In December 2019, a novel coronavirus strain (SARS-CoV-2) emerged in the city of Wuhan, China. The disease called Covid-19 spread to almost every nation in the world creating widespread havoc and disruption in routine life. WHO recognized it as a pandemic on March 10, 2020. As of April 19, 2020, worldwide around 24 lakh people have been infected and more than 1.6 lakh people have succumbed to Covid-19.', 'Though a vaccine hasn’t been developed yet, the spread of coronavirus can be stopped by washing hands frequently, covering one’s mouth while coughing, and practicing social distancing from other people. Countries across the world are using lockdowns as an effective way to stop the spread.', '\xa029 kb of RNA has brought the world down to its knees. One-third of the global population has been in lockdown. Schools, colleges, ', ' that are considered non-essential have been put on hold for an indefinite period. Even after lifting restrictions, a global recession even worse than the one in 2008 is going to be expected.', 'Now arriving at the main field of discussion, i.e. Hospitality Industry. How COVID-19 Impact Hospitality?', 'Propulsion was building for 2020 to be a year of focal collective action on sustainability. The Covid-19 outbreak has emphasized more than ever, the importance of future-proofing business for growth and resilience.', 'The hospitality industry includes various services like ', ' events, tourism, transportation, theme parks, etc. Before COVID – 19 prevailed, we all know that this industry was in much demand and was also one of the major sources of the rising economy. During vacation and festive periods, these were always full of people worldwide. As of now, due to the havoc created and ongoing lockdown they are bearing many losses and is one of the main reason for the decreasing economy.', ' and isolation centers?\xa0 Yes, my dear people! Amidst this outbreak, many of the hospitality industry properties, be it tiny or enormous have come forward to help the nation fight this life-menacing virus.', ' is attentively aware of its responsibility towards the community and has opened its doors for the major frontline workers, i.e.', ' to stay at their place while they combat the spread of this treacherous virus.', 'Also, many of the government bodies have been transformed to provide shelter to the homeless. Recently, in ', ' the building which was built for the employees aiming to work for the major ', ' has been come forward to make it an isolation center for doctors and nurses.', 'As railways have started their service years ago, from that period they are being considered as the lifeline of citizens in many metropolitan cities. Today at the time of the global pandemic, railways haven’t backed off from the position of the lifeline. Yes, my dear friends, you have heard it right! Railway coaches in India have been turning into the hospital and isolation centers, marking their presence by helping the government to increase the number of isolation beds. Also, many special parcel express trains are running in the entire nation to fulfill the needs of people by transporting essential commodities and goods.', 'Hospitality has been one of the most innovative industries in the crisis so far. Connections have been rapidly formed to donate food and beverages to local charities from various hotels. Many of the hospitality bodies are standing in solidarity with the communities affected by this threatening disease by lighting their windows in the shape of a heart, seen in hotels across the world.', 'With this outbreak, there is a sharp drop in tourists worldwide as the aviation, railways and public transport buses have come to a standstill due to severe government restrictions.', 'Today it is clear that hospitality industries must be prepared for various situations like a pandemic, climate change, etc. as of now they are facing devastating and disastrous Covid-19 impact on its various sectors.', 'The debt being the normal capital intensive component has to be serviced by payment of interest on debt and repayment of debt. Hotels being labor-intensive, have lots of fixed costs such as wage bills, besides paying government levies, minimum load charges, etc. The earlier Indian hospitality industry was on average witnessing 65 to 70% of occupancy till the end of February. The first few days of March were fine, once things started accelerating, the occupancy has gone down to a severe minimum. Also as soon as the pandemic ends by God’s grace, the hospitality industry will still face some loss as the tourists will be much lesser in the beginning months.', 'As soon as the crisis gets over, the hospitality industry will have a very crucial role to play in rehabilitating lives within their local communities. Millions of people will be unemployed leaving them at high risk of poverty and exploitation. As the industry starts to recover, hospitality will be one of the sources to increase employment to the needy ones taking the poverty level to a minimum.', 'Within India, after the crisis over, people should travel to the less known and highly economically affected destinations to help the hospitality industry overcome the loss they bore due to Covid-19.', 'Hence, the hospitality industry suffered and is suffering a lot due to this pandemic and despite that, it is also helping the nation to win against this dangerous disease. thus COVID-19 Impact on Hospitality\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:55 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis-4/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:55 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis-4/>
{'title': 'Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus crisis', 'cont': ['As a race, we are not ready for any kind of crisis. We have fire extinguishers in buildings, but barely any knowledge of how to use it. We convince ourselves that we are prepared but in the face of adversity we stand dumbfounded and give the simplest excuse, that of being in ‘unprecedented times’. The same thing has happened with the coronavirus crisis. If we look back, we can see that this crisis was not avoidable. There was a lot we could have done, but because we underestimated it so much, the situation has now blown out of proportion and cost us thousands of lives, millions of jobs and a massive hit to the world economy. We may be in a unique condition but there is still a lot that we can apply from past experiences and previous calamities.\xa0', 'First, let’s look at this in a reflective mode. What are the things we could have done to avoid this crisis in the first place? Controlling the origin of a virus is difficult but preventing it from spreading is not. One of the biggest contributors to this unforgiving crisis is the lack of communication or even worse, the propagation of fake news. Take India for example. Clear communication about the virus was only initiated after a few cases had been identified. We were aware of the hazards of this virus since before and should have acted sooner. The spread of accurate and timely information is a must. If we had spread awareness earlier, we could have controlled the number of cases better, like New Zealand and Ireland have done. Secondly, in a situation of crisis, the first thing to spread is fake news. It is imperative that the government, social media agencies and people themselves act more responsibly. Since there is no accurate and transparent information, a lot of uncertainty exists in the society. This impacts the confidence of consumers and investors in the market, which in turn leads to an economic slowdown. Past experiences with financial breakdowns and recessions have shown us that retain market trust can only occur with transparency and accuracy of information. Organisations should have acted earlier and communicated more effectively with their employees.\xa0', 'Moreover, we must also understand that specific sectors take the hardest hit during lockdowns. As we have witnessed in earlier lockdowns, curfews, national emergencies and pandemics, the first segment of society to take a hit is the daily wagers and labourers. Not only do the prices of goods increase but their income also takes a decline in such a crisis. In such situations, they can’t even afford basic amenities. India witnessed a mass exodus recently, with thousands of people trying to return to their villages on foot. This only leads to more chaos and a decline in containment of the disease. The government should have accounted for such factors before announcing a lockdown with a four hour notice. They could have made better arrangements for food and water in the metro cities itself or giving them safer means to travel home.\xa0This is something that they can still include in their relief programs.', 'Government intervention is a must right now. This can be done in two ways. First, is to create more employment opportunities. Governments used this strategy in the SARS and Ebola Virus emergency. Health, water, sanitation and hygiene are the most services in the times of health emergencies. Intense investment for these services and infrastructure can provide immediate jobs. Secondly, if governments use fiscal and monetary policy to fuel demand and maintain current living standards, it can decrease the propensity of a huge fall in economic growth. ', ' can make all the difference. Having better avenues for cash transfers, easier loans and more exchange will automatically help. A fall in the growth rate is unavoidable as lots of sectors have no choice but to pause all work. However, ', ' even now must be encouraged. For example, IT sector, health, food and agriculture, etc.', 'Moreover, governments and businesses should use the most important tool in their hand, the internet! Even in the times of physical social distancing, we are still connected to people across the world and are socialising at our normal rates. Governments should use these mediums to maintain public spirit, communicate policy strategies and inform people. Businesses should use these means to continue working and maintain employee morale. To have balanced crisis management and to prevent panic in the masses, social dialogue and engagement at every level is imperative. Use these mediums to educate people about the importance of social distancing, hygiene and steps to be followed.', 'All diseases are different and the scientific approach to tackle them varies. However, with most epidemics and pandemics some common steps can be followed. Our past experience with fast spreading diseases has shown that the easiest and most effective way to curb it is social distancing. Countries have taken impressive steps to ensure social distancing and must keep this up for even a few weeks after curbing the disease. Maintaining sanitary habits and hygiene can protect us from infections and increase our immunity. While governments and medical agencies look for ways to tackle the virus at a macro level, we must continue to follow all measures on an individual level too.', 'We must also pay a lot of attention to mental and physical well-being now. In the past, when economies took a hit due to the 2008 recession or calamities, the first thing to break was people’s self-esteem. Suicide rates, amount of domestic abuse and cases of depression increased manifold. We have to take effort and ensure that we try and live as much of a balanced life as possible. We should stay connected to our friends and not be ashamed of reaching out to others for help. Social distancing is not easy and can take a toll on many. Lots of special helplines have been set up for the same and people must use them if needed. Governments have also given code words for victims of domestic abuse to report crimes in countries like France and Spain. We must remember to stay mentally healthy and calm during a crisis as that is the most important thing.', 'I don’t believe that every crisis is the same. Of course, there are a lot of unique things about the coronavirus pandemic that we had not expected to ever see. Even though these are different times, there are still lots of things we can apply from our past experiences. We cannot find a cure for the virus but we can find ways to maintain the economy, our mental peace, and prevent the spread of the virus. The past has a lot to offer if we ponder. We must learn to understand the mistakes of the past and better them in the future. Our past experiences with the different crises have taught us that fiscal stimuli work, maintaining employee morale is important and that social. Engagement is imperative. If we use these tools efficiently, we can ensure that people only have to fight the virus and not worry about the multitude of repercussions that come with it.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:55 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/estimating-the-impact-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/estimating-the-impact-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work-2/>
{'title': 'Estimating the impact of COVID-19 on the world of work', 'cont': ['COVID-19 an unprecedented pandemic for us but a “Can-be” possibility for great leaders such as bill gates came into action since the rising of the year 2020. The corollary of this pandemic is so prodigious that the analysis by the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA) stated that the COVID-19 pandemic is disrupting global supply chains and international trade which in turn could shrink the global economy by up to 1 percent in 2020, a reversal from the previous forecast of 2.5 percent growth. More than 6.6 million Americans filed unemployment claims and the economic downturn is expected to be the worst recession since the Great Depression as stated by the IMF. India is facing its biggest crisis in decades, with a three-week lockdown initially, but extending further in a nation of 1.3 billion people likely to result in an economic recession, millions of job losses and possible starvation among the poor. It can be said that economic contagion is now spreading as fast as the disease itself. On the contrary nature has pressed the reset button, the environment is having a noticeable benefit from this scenario. Water is getting clearer, the air is turning breathable and various such news and pictures can be easily heard and seen on newspapers, telly, and social media platforms on day to day basis. But this is the storyline of the present, what about the future? Are the predictions made by financial institutions and thought leaders going to be true? Or something unexpected is going to happen that will make us think of our human capabilities again?', 'After this storm of COVID-19, it would not be a surprise to see how digitally every business will grow to provide better digital infrastructure and customer experience along with advancement in technology which we are lacking in this present scenario. The touch screens that we are using already will find its vast applications and would be seen in most of the places including hotels, hostels, and shopping malls. All those processes which are interdependent will take an agile turn resulting in better productivity of goods, having a systematic backup giving a better experience to the consumer even in hard situations. The major focus would be making contactless systems hence Artificial intelligence and machine learning will become the most rapid and in-demand fields. Not only this, but the medical infrastructure and services will also take a boost in the race of developing the systems to handle any situation afterward. The human to machine interaction will increase facilitating fast production, delivery and surveillance inculcating many more. In each and every area the COVID will leave its mark may it be retail sector or may it be the banking sector making them modify or fully change their architectures.', 'Even the existing systems would be gifted with some modifications, ensuring them to work in a hard environment even with or without human intervention. The Companies will rethink their policies shaping themselves accordingly to manage the resources ensuring safety, agility, and work to be a top priority. The work from home idea will also provide a base for bigger companies ensuring to develop a better infrastructure for their resources and probably giving birth to a new concept of work culture. Various existing industries related to either delivery or travel may adopt the new idea of collaboration with other industries which will result in more options for consumers on their old routine Apps.', 'New businesses will root out from the existing ventures resulting in head to head competition in the business world but turning into a brownie point for consumer experience and bandwidth of choices. Start-up culture will go hand in hand and expected to take a stupendous growth in the race of providing us a legitimate opportunity to use and feel the real digital world. The various innovations will now take a pace in each field and maybe we will hear some new jargons related to tech in upcoming years. Since the global economy has fumbled, countries will now try to take a different turn to vamoose out of this phase. They will try to make new connections by nurturing a give and take relationship and several business relationships would take an unexpected move making the position of several countries sliding up and down on indexes. Even rival countries may join their hands in this hard time rather than being dismissed totally under predator countries. It would be surprising to see how these scenarios will be handled by the emperor of minds and how their opponents are going to take it as an agenda for the next elections.', 'Unfortunately, the nature that is at its best will start to face the ill effects after the chart of development and economy will take a pace for exponential growth. It is unfortunate that the inverse relationship between economic growth and environmental destruction exists since carbon emission increases with economic development. As shown by the graph below whenever recession took place the carbon emission decreases along with other harmful gases, turning out as a gift for nature but doom for the financial markets.', 'But there is a possibility that several start-ups now emerge with the idea of environment conservation collaborating with NGOs innovating and using the best of their capability to reduce the ill effect from the present origin point.', 'In the culmination we can say this pandemic is like “Blessing in disguise ” producing a massive impact not only on macro but also on micro-economy. The novel virus not only brought some unexpected results but also uncovered some of our loopholes and unlatched new opportunities for growth, forcing us to define ourselves in several new spheres. Quite a while ago we all were chit-chatting about the digital Era, how this is benefiting us, COVID-19 revealed making us realize this was just the beginning of digital Era and a lot is needed to happen in future. It is obvious that not only the Indian economy but the global economy is facing and going to face the aftereffects however similar to a virus, the economy will also rise from deep grounds to a green candlestick with individual collaboration!', 'The businesses will soon rise again, people will get back to their jobs, vendors will start getting profits and everything will fall into its places but now a megalithic competitive environment will rise which will grow till decades until nature again shows it’s color and we as a human abide with its outcomes, learning some new lessons and keeping this cycle of fall and growth running.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/estimating-the-impact-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work-3/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/estimating-the-impact-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work-3/>
{'title': 'Estimating the impact of COVID-19 on the world of work', 'cont': ['Globalization envisages a borderless world or seeks the world as a global village • It is attributed to the accelerated flow of goods, people, capital, information, and energy across borders, often enabled by technological developments.', 'Starting from 1990s globalization dominated world’s economic order.', 'Globalization had already begun to stagnate since the 2008-09 Global Financial Crisis.', 'Trade as a percentage of global GDP increased from 39% in 1991 to 61% in 2008 but has stagnated over the past decade.', 'Though number of tourists increased in the last decade.', '1.Indian IT’s H-1B Visa woes could worsen in 2020', 'The above article reveals that Under the Trump administration, Indian IT services companies have seen rejection rates jump from 6% in 2015 to 24% in 2019.', '1.Chinese-US trade war threatens globalization', '2', 'Protectionists put brakes on trade liberalization', 'Due to These Factors, International Media Is Referring to The Process of Globalization By The Term ', 'The ongoing phase of globalization has not fully recovered, and the recent coronavirus has pushed forward the trends of reverse globalization', 'Corona Virus Has Halted The Movement Of People, Goods, Service, And Capital.', 'Due to Supply Chain Break Down In China because of Coronavirus', 'Countries Providing Incentives To Shift Production To Their Native Country', 'Amid Covid-19 World Trade Has Halted, Investors Are Pulling Out Money from The Market', 'An unregulated world can be blamed for its spread, but collective action based on evidence could be the best way to stop it.', '1.India Readies list of 13 countries to send hydroxychloroquine.', '2.China Sends doctors and masks overseas domestic coronavirus infection drop.', 'Countries are converging virtually to share best practice to fight pandemic', 'International meeting such as G-20, SAARC summit organized virtually', 'The Belt and Road Initiative is a global development strategy adopted by the Chinese government in 2013 involving infrastructure development and investments in nearly 70 countries and international organizations in Asia, Europe, and Africa.', 'A devastating economic collapse of potentially historic proportions after Covid19, leading to social and political turmoil in a number of countries, and curtailed connectivity. Interestingly, the pandemic has exposed the risks and weaknesses of global interconnectedness, which will affect China’s BRI.', 'So far, BRI has been powered primarily by China, whose growth rates were decreasing even before the outbreak. Exports Hit: With the United States and Europe reeling from the pandemic, Chinese exports will take a big hit.', 'China confronts major Risk of debt on belt and road due to pandemic', 'China’s growth hit a near 30-year low of 6.1%', 'Roughly 5 Million people in china lost their jobs in the first 2 months of 2020.', 'Last February, China’s official urban unemployment jumped to an unprecedented 6.2 percent. Unemployed Number may go up to 9 million by the end of 2020.', 'So, not only may BRI be short of cash, but it will also be hard to sell at home', 'Pakistan, host to the biggest BRI megaproject in the world, is poised to sustain a $8.2 billion loss, according to ADB. The respective figure for Bangladesh is $3 billion. Thailand is now bracing up for a recession. Africa is equally vulnerable, as China is the continent’s largest market.', 'Covid19 hit Chinese companies executing BRI contracts can rely on support from the CDB in the form of low-cost financing. Yet, Chinese policy banks will be increasingly picky and inclined to stay away from new projects that may turn out to be loss-makers.', 'No. 1 preserving the CCP’s power', 'No. 2 maintaining national unity', 'No. 3 the expansion of the economy No. 4 environmental sustainability', 'No. 5 modernize the Chinese military', 'No. 6 China’s 14 neighboring states', 'No. 7 weaken America’s longstanding security alliances No. 8 terrestrial Silk Road Economic Belt No. 9 Maritime Silk Road', 'No 10 reshape the global order', ' ', 'In particular, the summer of 2020 may be a period of hibernation for several BRI projects.', 'The outbreak has brought Chinese labor supplies and equipment imports along BRI routes down to a trickle', 'Not Exactly!!! In fact, the initiative’s fuzzy content is being further enriched with the “Health Silk Road” add-on narrative and “mask diplomacy” in a major soft-power push.', 'The BRI is bound to change. Strategies will change.', 'Seven years after this ambitious initiative was announced it remains a blurred vision in need of a comprehensive conceptual framework, international standards, and a coherent implementation strategy.', 'This is one of the reasons why the BRI has become controversial and has caused a backlash in many countries.', 'BRI expenditure up to 2019 stood at $545 billion. (WB Estimate) About two-thirds of spending on BRI projects has gone into the energy sector and transport', 'However, developing countries in need of infrastructure will be terribly cash-strapped, there may be a shift away from roads, bridges, and coalfired power plants funded through Chinese loans.', 'Beijing has been investing in the creation of a globe-spanning network of economic corridors, logistics zones, and financial centers, with stress laid on seaports and adjacent areas. Egypt’s Suez Canal Economic Zone and Sri Lanka’s Colombo Port City clearly show this trend.', 'In addition, projects are likely to focus on more sophisticated forms of connectivity, such as 5G networks or, in the wake of the pandemic, disaster management, public health-related high-tech, and even remote surgery. China will surely use the BRI for the projection of its soft power, an increasingly important battlefield in international relations.', 'The world has become aware of the risks of overwhelming reliance on China.', 'Amid of Coronavirus outbreak we can see the major economies are strengthening their authorities with their major concern']}
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/travel-and-tourism-outlook/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/travel-and-tourism-outlook/>
{'title': 'Travel and Tourism Outlook', 'cont': ['The UN projects a 20-30% decline in international tourist arrivals in 2020. This could put up to 50 million jobs at risk, with Asia likely to be the most affected continent. But will the good old days of tourism and travel return next year?', 'Read on to discover what our robot, Athena, has found on the future of this topic and act accordingly for you, your family and organization in the years ahead. Make notes on issues that could affect you and them as you go.', 'If you are new to foresight, we recommend you\xa0', '\xa0to get the best out of this report', 'Speed read Athena’s high-level take-outs on the left of each slide, or delve deeper into her findings on the right.', 'For a more detailed explanation of the graphics used in this presentation please click\xa0', '. All outlooks based on the time period 2020-2070 and what’s likely to be happening in 2025 at a 95% confidence level unless otherwise stated. Please contact us for longer-term outlooks.', 'To read more and for a video summary,\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/gaming-disorder-and-effects-of-gaming-on-health/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:56 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/gaming-disorder-and-effects-of-gaming-on-health/>
{'title': 'Gaming Disorder and Effects of Gaming on Health.', 'cont': ['Perhaps the virtual illusion has become today’s “New Reality”.', 'Inquisitive about the conclusion? Let’s attempt to vindicate as the outline story unfolds itself.', 'Ever since the concept of gaming floated back in the 1970s a new dimension was put before human beings, intangible in nature, and paradoxically engulfed us since then. It laid an impact on multiple generations in different ways. The last decade witnessed a boom in this industry & with the advancement of technologies in Virtual and Augmented reality, the gaming world has become an integral part of our day to day experiences. With the intent of being regarded as a leisure activity, it has now percolated over various strata and has managed to gather the attention of teenagers and adolescents on a comprehensive scale.', 'As we explored the fabric of our Engineering batch mates, we came across this peculiar guy holding excellent academics with accolades of his names, seemed to be a nerd at a glance and street smart by nature. Concomitance happened to be the reason for experiencing the lifestyle of other personalities that included SAM as well.', 'SAM was not only fascinated by the games but used to spend tirelessly hours and hours in front of the white screen engrossed completely leaving the track of time. As our academics advanced, the intensity of involvement in gaming grew deeper and steadily it turned into addiction in no time. We realized the gravity as we were exposed to his change of behavior and shift of priorities due to his unprecedented absence during our lectures and practical. He was modestly reluctant to share about his whereabouts with his peers. The situation turned grim when he wasn’t able to cope up with the subjects and was socially disturbed while interacting. He was compelled towards the fantasy world and was trapped in the vicious cycle of a never-ending backlog of games. As time progressed his performance turned from bad to worse. He was struggling. It was clear as ice that he had something hidden behind that visage.', 'As sophomores, we were also involved in gaming but soon realized that it does more harm than good. A close cluster of friends decided to lend a helping hand to SAM and as they learned about him, the ground beneath their feet slipped away and froze their brain. He had completely lost the circadian rhythm of his sleep, ran into financial losses, aggression draped him, his relations were tarnished due to the habitual routine, and signs of depression were visible on the upfront.', 'Poker was the tartar that he had caught. The game of cards as most of us would perceive it, rather proved to be the fulcrum of SAM’s near future. In the quest of pleasure through online games, he entered the tunnel of gambling at a very tender age ignoring the risks involved in terms of financial verticals. He was suffering from Internet Gaming Disorder (IGD) & his condition deteriorated as days passed by. Apparently, from a healthy individual to a drained skinny one, it took a toll on his physical health. Mental disturbance sucked him and he grew insensitive towards his academics. The psychological negative consequences were due to the combination of online gaming and gambling platforms. During that phase, the peer group (gaming group) gained more influence than parental control.\xa0', 'Days arrived when he ran short of money and went ahead to ask his friends in college for the funds. Since a large amount of money is involved in gambling, a situation exacerbated when SAM had his ethical values on the line and breached his boundaries to satisfy his hunger of gaming and leaped towards illegal means to fund his gambling.', 'The practical project was a crucial part of our Engineering curriculum, under which a team of four members was to be established and is expected to remain intact for a year. SAM was by no means in anyone’s good books. No one in the batch was ready to risk with SAM even though he possessed a brilliant acumen. He was abandoned. We were three friends already and were scouting for the fourth. With mutual consensus, we decided to go ahead with SAM. Initially, we worked together and collaboration seemed to be perfect. Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to clear his backlog exams and had to drop out. At present he plays Poker on a professional level, keeping aside his Engineering career and battling with his conscience that we may not be aware of.\xa0\xa0', 'Earlier generations used to spend their time or rather invest their time into activities building up their passion, in some cases they pushed their cognition to such an extreme and contributed to a level that humanity as a whole is in-depth to date. Can we imagine our present without the existence of Sir Edison, Sir Newton, Sir Tesla, Sir Einstein, and many more that were engrossed in their domain and served the necessary impetus for our generation? No one knows that SAM could have been our generation scientist, hadn’t he chose that path.\xa0\xa0', 'Not Everyone is SAM but perhaps we could miss our Einstein or Tesla! Maybe our Newton is waiting for the new upgraded version of the game instead of sitting under the tree. Our Mendeleev might be involved in arcade games!\xa0', 'Feels so numb.\xa0\xa0', 'Millions of teenagers are involved in online gaming platforms and the community is growing at a rapid rate every year. Presently the prevalence of IGD among the adolescent group was between 1.3% to 19.9% and males reported more prevalence than females. In the fiscal year 2019, there were 300 million online gamers in India. This number was estimated to go up to 440 million gamers by the fiscal year 2022. Overall, India ranked the highest in terms of the growth in online game downloads on app stores with a growth rate of 165 percent between 2016 to 2018. 75% of young people use a mobile phone to play different games, 21% use PC/Laptop. Games like PUBG that promote virtual violence calls for the stern attention of the responsible demographics. As per a study, online games are directly affecting the neurons, leading to chemical imbalance thus causing severe depression and anxiety attacks.\xa0\xa0', 'As per the World Health Organization, depression is interrelated to physical and mental health and the word ‘depression’ that didn’t exist decades back has become prevalent among the youth, leading to more stress and dysfunction and worsening the affected person’s life situation.', 'Anything in excess is poison. So are games.\xa0', 'In deed the virtual illusion has become today’s “New Reality”.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:57 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-repercussion-of-the-environment-due-to-the-covid-19-pandemic-situation/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:57 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-repercussion-of-the-environment-due-to-the-covid-19-pandemic-situation/>
{'title': 'What is the repercussion of the environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic situation?', 'cont': ['On 31st December 2019, a novel coronavirus was identified in Wuhan, China. It spread like wildfire in the world. On 11th March 2020, WHO declared COVID 19 as a pandemic and issued guidelines like Sanitizing hands regularly, wearing masks, and social distancing as viable methods for prevention against this virus.', 'Social distancing means staying away from other people. So, to limit human interaction various governments all over the world chose life before the economy and ordered complete lockdown in their countries. All schools, colleges, offices, factories, public places, etc. were shutdown from immediate effect.', 'As of 7th June 2020, COVID 19 confirmed cases worldwide are 69,94,605 with 4,02,453 deaths and 34,20,048 recovered.', 'The USA didn’t impose lockdown in the early stages due to which it has nearly 19,88,545 confirmed cases with a death rate of 5.6% (as of 7th June 2020) whereas in India lockdown was imposed at the first stage, and so we have 2,47,000 confirmed cases with a death rate of 2.8%.', 'As we know it is us, Humans, who keep exploiting nature which has nurtured us and turn a blind eye to the havoc of our misdeeds. Current environmental concerns like depletion of the ozone layer, climate change, soil erosion, air pollution, water pollution, soil pollution, acid rain, noise pollution, loss of biodiversity, and many more are a result of our selfish and never-ending desires for development at the cost of the environment.', 'But when the lockdown was imposed worldwide, our lives just stopped. Air traffic (due to flights) dropped by 95% (Cntraveller). Since no one was allowed to leave homes, Carbon footprint per person dropped significantly. The Hindu newspaper reported a 17% decline in carbon pollution during the pandemic peak. According to an article in Economic Times onMay 14th,2020, ', ' this year due to lockdown.', 'Economic Times posted an article on 8th April ', 'Humans are getting what they deserved, animals are safe and the environment is healing due to a reduction in pollution levels.', 'All this is just the tip of the iceberg .', 'The reality is that humans, despite being under threat due to COVID 19, cyclones, earthquakes, and locusts attacks are still damaging the environment.', 'According to Voicesofyouth.org:” ', ' – much of the personal protective equipment that healthcare professionals are using can only be worn once before being disposed of. Hospitals in Wuhan, for example, ', ' ', 'during the peak of their outbreak, compared to an', '. “', 'According to Mongabay News: “Despite COVID, ', '. The new figures come amid rising fears that ', ' are using the COVID-19 crisis as an opportunity ', ' in Brazil”.', 'According to an article in Conservation International , an expert said ” In Africa, there has been an alarming ', ' that is directly linked to COVID-19-related lockdowns, ', ' and ', ' ', 'as a result of tourism collapses”', 'Apart from the above-mentioned media channels, various other news articles have reported such incidents from various locations around the world.', 'Now, what do you think :', 'Follow social distancing guidelines . Stay Safe .']}
2022-07-07 01:09:57 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-repercussion-of-the-environment-due-to-the-covid-19-pandemic-situation-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:57 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-is-the-repercussion-of-the-environment-due-to-the-covid-19-pandemic-situation-2/>
{'title': 'Due to the COVID-19 the repercussion of the environment', 'cont': ['Epidemics, in general, have both direct and indirect costs associated with direct and indirect measures adopted to counter (control) the epidemic which generally have both short-run and long-run economic and social consequences. The 2019 Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak globally lead a significant setback to the entire globe. The first case was detected on 26', ' December 2019 in China.\xa0 The World Health Organization (WHO) prepared the first diagnostic kit on 14', ' January 2020.', 'As the global coronavirus or Covid-19 pandemic continues to take hold every economy is feeling it’s effect with a high degree of uncertainty taking a toll in all the manufacturing sectors. Supply chain management is an important area with many opportunities for our community to contribute in various forms. \xa0According to the data produced by Supply Management’s Report on Business show that PMI (Purchasing Manager’s Index) has declined 1% in the month of February. Mainly there has been a huge contraction in the Petroleum, Transportation and Textile Industries. Although there has been a fall in the inventory but is expected to grow due to supply chain disruptions leading to inefficiencies in material conversion and continued advanced stocking to protect production schedules. A analysis by trading platform Forex claimed that heavily 75% of all companies had already reported supply chain disruptions with more than 80% believing that at some point they would experience impacts as a result of Covid-19 disruptions. The effective shutdown of industrial activity i.e. China, ground zero for the virus presented particularly difficult problems for manufacturing firms worldwide. Imported goods invested by investors set a significant setback.', 'Several experiments were carried out by different governments across the globe to restrict the spread of this pandemic. Boris Johnson introduced the herd immunity plan in the United Kingdom which was a failure followed by a mitigate model which India also tried initially to stop the spread of the Covid-19 virus. The last and the ultimate model that most of the countries are applying is the Hammer and the Dance Model i.e. the Lockdown Model which is estimated to bring down the caseload by 25-30%. The Lockdown model basically means buying time to prepare the vaccine to kill the virus.', 'However, the lockdown has certain critical economic consequences which add to the burden of global distress. This can be explained using the standard macroeconomic Keynesian model. The lockdown and the spread of the disease have a direct negative shock on aggregate consumption levels and exports. This leads to a contraction in aggregate demand which leads to a fall in the market rate of interest and aggregate equilibrium output. The secondary effect on the commodity market is via investment demand function which can either increase owing to a fall in the market rate of interest, or fall owing to the contraction in aggregate demand. Clearly, the contraction of the Aggregate Demand-side generates an economic slowdown. On the other hand, restriction of workers gathering in the workplace owing to lockdown hurts the production in those sectors which need the presence of physical workers. Note that software or financial service-producing sectors are exempted from such negative supply shock at least in the short-run to medium-run since those works could be easily carried out based on “work from home” anthem. However, reverse migration of workers is an indication of a sharp cut down in production activities. This Aggregate supply shock leads to the situation of stagflation. In recent announcements by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to ease liquidity in the system may prove to be counterproductive provided the aggregate supply shock, since the escalation of demand specifically for non-traded products without an adequate increase in production (supply) would only result in inflation. In other words, supply-side management must go hand in hand with demand-side policies. Even if policies are undertaken at the national level by the government, however, conditions may not improve much due to shocks in the external sector through trade in commodities. Most imports are banned which will increase the economic cost of production of import substitutes within the domestic territory based on the theory of comparative advantage in a Ricardian sense. At the same time, exports are hurt due to lower demand from the developed economies. This shows that unemployment and inflation are inevitable in the near future.', 'Corona Virus has mainly affected raw material export-driven countries. With the Covid-19 virus in the backdrop there will be a decline in new orders, production, and employment with ease in supplier deliveries as demand will be less with a mild decline in the inventories. There has been a huge revenue impact. Long stretches of empty supermarket shelves and shortage of essential commodities are only the visible impacts to consumers of the global chain disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. The uncertainties ahead swing between extremes. As the shortages worsen before they get resolved prices of many commodities could go up for consumers even if laws exist against price gouging. At the same time we should keep in mind that constrained supplies could cause a decline in demand which in turn may end up weakening prices. Risk Management process is not robust enough to cope with the fallout of the coronavirus pandemic. The seemingly relentless forces of globalization and technology with coronavirus in the backdrop will present us with new supply chain challenges and opportunities for further progress in the near future. There is a glimmer of good news as countries globally haven taken preventive measures but the recovery may be fragile.', 'The crisis due to the global pandemic is likely to be more serious for developing economies compared to the global financial crisis of 2008. This is due to the fact that the global financial crisis leads to lower demand for exports from the developing economies by the developed nations which further lead to contraction of export-based industries and other sectors in the developing nations due to inter-sectoral backward and forward linkage effect, however, the burden of retrenchments in the formal sector was absorbed in the informal sector. In the present situation, the problem of vanishing informal sector is evident since informal sector workers are more vulnerable to the spread of the disease due to the absence of non-regulatory authority and out of direct government control. Moreover, lockdown lead to massive close down of this informal units, thus the informal sector in this present set up is vanishing due to which the shock absorption capacity of developing economy like India is becoming weaker. The global economy is drowning towards deep cycles of economic depression and the aftershocks seem to be long-lasting. The only way of this global shock seems to be international policy coordination in line with the needs of the domestic economies']}
2022-07-07 01:09:57 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-office-space-and-co-working-industries/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:57 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-pandemic-on-office-space-and-co-working-industries/>
{'title': 'Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on office space and co-working industries.', 'cont': ['COVID 19 has bought the world to its knees. With businesses being shut, travel being banned, schools, and colleges being closed, we have observed an impeccable amount of sorrow and despise along with a great amount of mental torture and destruction. Though situations are improving now, and the lockdowns are being lifted, it is a fact that it cannot be shunned that this virus will have a long term impact on people, and the effects will not only be felt economically and physically but also mentally.', 'We’ve been reading articles regarding the impact of COVID 19 on the economy, education, mental health, and every other possible aspect. But one topic which has not been talked about much is the impact of COVID 19 on office space and co-working industries. Well, it is quite obvious that offices will start functioning now, but, the COVID period hasn’t ended. This means that social distancing will also have to be followed in offices; where it will be a problem to do so because of the lack of adequate infrastructure and space. The same will be the condition in co-working industries, wherein employees of different companies come and work together under the same roof.', 'However, these problems are quite obvious (though people haven’t thought about them much), but the fact which people fail to notice and understand is that the meaning of space is not only limited to infrastructural space which is measured in square foot or square meters; but it also extends to metal space, or for that fact, space in the minds of people for others and their thoughts as well as opinions.', 'Coronavirus has left a big scratch in our country; just the way a car needs repair after an accident, our country will also need repair after the control of this virus. But, unlike a car, our country will require a large amount of time to get restored and to stand straight without any support.', 'Needless to say, the economic stability of our country will definitely be hit because of this reason. But the problem is since the earnings of the employers will reduce, it will subsequently lead to a drop in the salary of the employees. While some employees might be preferred by their bosses and may receive a raise regularly, others might be subjected to unfair treatment and made to do the same amount of work for a lower salary.', 'People tend to overlook the thin line which exists between cooperation and competition. The problem doesn’t arise when such a situation happens wherein an employee is getting paid more than the other, but instead, it arises when people start to compare their earnings as well as benefits to that of others. And in today’s world, where people keep money at the top of their priority list, comparisons will play a very important role in the performance of employees and their company.', 'Since there will exist inequalities and partialities in companies, there will also exist a sense of hatred and competition among the employees of the same company; who will compete to get a better position or a raise in their salary. This may seem beneficial to some as it might compel the employees to work harder and better, but however, will bring huge losses in the long run. The fact is; employees might end up doing unethical acts which will help them to make a better impression in their boss’s eyes.', 'Moreover, since there will be comparisons among the employees, it might happen that the ‘Employee of the Month’ ends up being hated by all other employees in the company. Another situation that might arise is that of bluffing and pretending; wherein employees tend to show that they work very hard but they don’t. This might be practiced by showing the boss that they are working when he is on around, and then chilling the rest of the time when the boss goes home or sits in his office. In fact, employees might also lose interest in working if they sense repeated partialities and inequalities; which they might show by quitting the jobs or not performing to their best.', 'Such situations will definitely arise in companies and offices; wherein employees will compete for attention and resources; which will have a great impact on the company and its functioning. And all this will happen because of only one thing; lack of office mental space i.e. space in the minds of people working together in a particular office for cooperation and teamwork, along with ignorance of the fact that things will get better and eventually the same after some time.', 'Another kind of industry and companies that will be affected due to the long-lasting impact of COVID 19 is the co-working industry and offices. This is because, there will be a shortage of resources and the income of people, but the maintenance cost to be born for the infrastructure, as well the rent will remain the same. Because of this, employees will be told by the company owners to exploit the resources present in the offices and use them to the fullest; to compensate for the losses being born and to make better use of the money being used. However, the number of resources will be the same, and so, there will be a case of competition between employees of different companies to use resources and take benefits of the same.', 'If the above two situations happen to occur at the same time (which they most likely will), we will observe a scene of intra-company as well as inter-company competition. Also, our personal relations with other employees in the company might also be affected due to this comparison and competition; which itself will be a result of limited mental space.', 'COVID 19 will have severe impacts on the office (mental) space of companies and people.\xa0 People’s thoughts, how they treat others, along with accepting defeat and rejection will be an important aspect of everyone’s lives. Moreover, we might also observe a shoot in the intensity and frequency of office people going to psychologists; because of repeated rejection and unfair treatment. However, we need to cope with this thing and realize that it is indeed very important for us to start preparing to expand our mental space and that this competition and comparison will not stay for long and should not affect our personal relations and life at any cost.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:58 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/contribution-of-handicrafts-visual-arts-literature-in-the-indian-economy/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:58 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/contribution-of-handicrafts-visual-arts-literature-in-the-indian-economy/>
{'title': 'Contribution of handicrafts (Visual Arts & Literature) in the Indian economy', 'cont': ['Handicrafts is an art of making crafts by hand in India is called Indian handicrafts, in ancient India people lived in colonies called tribals and they were used to make utility items for their daily needs, that art of making the crafts called handicrafts, and the items called handicrafts goods.', 'Few of the Indian handicrafts are as follows', 'The visual arts are art forms such as painting, drawing, printmaking, sculpture, ceramics, photography, video, filmmaking, design, crafts, and architecture. Many artistic disciplines such as performing arts, conceptual art, textile arts also involve aspects of visual arts as well as arts of other types. Also included within the visual arts are the applied arts such as industrial design, graphic design, fashion design, interior design, and decorative art.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:58 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-covid-19-is-impacting-payment-preferences/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:58 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-covid-19-is-impacting-payment-preferences/>
{'title': 'How COVID-19 is impacting payment preferences?', 'cont': ['I would rather pay cash – Before COVID-19.', 'I would rather make online payment – After lockdown.', 'During this lockdown, one can observe a number of small positive changes in our surroundings. One such positive change is using online mode of payment even if they are small in amount as it counts as a big step towards DIGITAL INDIA and self-development as well.', 'According to Economic Times, 42% of Indians say that they have started using online mode of payment. Some small tasks like mobile phone recharge, bill payments, buying groceries, etc., are some essential tasks that cannot be ignored, and making an online payment is way too convenient for them. Also, multiple schemes have been initiated by the government to promote online payments like Lucky Grahak Yojana and Digi Dhan Vyapari Yojana. The details of the same are as follows:', 'LUCKY GARHAK YOJANA', 'DIGI DHAN VYAPARI', 'The frequently used apps by the consumers and the market share of apps are as follows:', 'Paytm- 33%', 'Google Pay- 14%', 'PhonePe- 4%', 'Amazon Pay- 10%', 'BHIM- 6%', 'Other Apps- 33%', 'Not only the sellers but also the buyers have taken a step forward in making online payments and have been exploring the various offers and discounts. The sellers have started their own online shops and made online payment mandatory in highly contaminated zones. The buyer has also taken advantage of home deliveries to follow social distancing. To add to the advantage of buyers and sellers KYC is no more a necessity to make money transfers.', 'There has been an increase in the services provided by banking sectors as well. The FM Nirmala Sitharaman has provided the directions to not charge for cash withdrawals from ATM’s. Various services like sending and receiving money, blocking cards, credit card payments, credit card pins, etc., are being provided online.', 'E-payment options like Paytm, etc., have been open up for investing money online in stocks, insurance, etc. Even online shopping apps like Amazon have come up with various offers for their in-built wallets.', 'Emerging technologies and high competition among online payment apps are providing benefits to buyers and sellers as well. Sellers have been able to increase their reach with online shops and online payment stands as a guarantee for them. Buyers have been in the most advantageous position ever after the digital payment has come into the market. They are being provided with a number of choices to choose from as well as make instant payments for offers. This all sums up the likeliness of digital payment in the market. So yes, we can say, YOU (DIGITAL PAYMENT) HAVE A BRILLANT FUTURE, CHILD!', 'We all have heard this statement “Precaution is better than cure” and here is the time to follow the same. It has been proven as a fact that the coronavirus can persist on paper for four or five days. That means the coronavirus can persist on the paper currency for four or five days. Thus, it is important to avoid the usage of paper currency.', 'A revolution will take place only when the below poverty population of India will start using the online mode of payment and will be literate enough to not get caught in any scam.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:58 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:58 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work-2/>
{'title': 'How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?', 'cont': ['As business close to help prevent transmission of COVID-19, financial concerns and job losses are one of the first human impacts of the virus;', 'COVID-19 is in decline in China. There are now more new cases every day in Europe than there were in China at the epidemic’s peak and Italy has surpassed it as the country with the most deaths from the virus It took 67 days to reach the first 100,000 confirmed cases worldwide, 11 days for this to increase to 200,000and just four to reach 300,000 confirmed cases – a figure now exceeded.', 'In recent weeks, we have seen the significant economic impact of the coronavirus on financial markets and vulnerable industries such as manufacturing, tourism, hospitality and travel.\xa0Travel and tourism account for 10% of the global GDP and 50 million jobs are at risk worldwide.', 'Global tourism, travel and hospitality companies closing down affects SMEs globally. This, in turn, affects many people, typically the least well-paid and those self-employed or working in informal environments in the gig economy or in part-time work with zero-hours contracts. Some governments have announced economic measures to safeguard jobs, guarantee wages and support the self-employed, but there is a lack of clarity in many countries about how these measures will be implemented and how people will manage a loss of income in the short-term.', 'Behind these statistics lie the human costs of the pandemic, from the deaths of friends and family to the physical effects of infection and the mental trauma and fear faced by almost everyone. Not knowing how this pandemic will play out affects our economic, physical and mental well-being against a backdrop of a world that, for many, is increasingly anxious, unhappy and lonely.', 'Fear of the unknown can often lead to feelings of panic, for example when people feel they are being denied life-saving protection or treatment or that they may run out of necessities, which can lead to panic buying.Psychological stress is often related to a sense of a lack of control in the face of uncertainty.', 'In all cases, lack of information or the wrong information, either provided inadvertently or maliciously, can amplify the effects. There is a huge amount of misleading information circulating online about COVID-19, from fake medical information to speculation about government responses. People are susceptible to social media posts from an apparently trustworthy source, often referred to as an “Uncle with a Masters”-post, possibly amplified and spread by “copypasta” posts, which share information by copying and pasting and make each new post look like an original source, as opposed to posts that are “liked” or “shared” or “retweeted”.', 'Sadly, criminals and hackers are also exploiting this situation and there has been a significant rise in Coronavirus-themed malicious websites, with more than 16,000 new coronavirus-related domains registered since January 2020. Hackers are selling malware and hacking tools through COVID-19 discount codes on the darknet,many of which are aimed at accessing corporate data from home-workers’ laptops, which may not be as secure as outside an office environment.', 'Social distancing and lockdowns have also prompted altruistic behaviors, in part because of the sense that “we’re all in this together”. Many people report being bored or concerned about putting on weight;\xa0others have discovered a slower pace of life and by not going out and socializing have found more time for family, others, and even their pets.', 'The downside of self-isolation or social lockdown are symptoms of traumatic stress, confusion and anger, all of which are exacerbated by fear of infection, having limited access to supplies of necessities, inadequate information or the experience of economic loss or stigma. This stress and anxiety can lead to increased alcohol consumption, as well as an increase in domestic and family violence.In Jingzhou, a town near Wuhan in Hubei province, reports of domestic violence during the lockdown in February 2020 were more than triple the number reported in February 2019.', 'Health measures must be the first priority for governments, business and society. It is important for businesses to show solidarity and work together to protect staff, local communities and customers, as well as keeping supply chains, manufacturing and logistics working.According to research, “my employer” is more trusted than the government or media. Daily updates on a company website with input from scientists and experts are recommended to counter politicized messages in the media and from governments. This is particularly true for large companies that have the capacity to do this.', 'Messages about what businesses are doing for their employees and in their communities is also important. Some companies are helping schoolchildren from vulnerable families who can no longer get a school meal; others are providing public health messages about effective handwashing. Even CEOs can show they are working from home and self-isolating, while still being effective in their leadership.', 'Following WHO advice, there is a need for the business community to move from general support to specific actions and focus on countries’ access to critical supplies, including a “Community Package of Critical Items” (a list of 46 items that all countries need). Of these items, 20 are either not available locally or available stocks are too limited. These missing items fall into four categories:', 'The call for action is for more money, to work with manufacturers to create capacity and to organize purchasing so there is guaranteed access, especially for poorer countries with less resilient public health systems. The concept is to create a global security stockpile of supplies and equipment, an effort that needs:']}
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis/>
{'title': 'Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus crisis', 'cont': ['So, not beginning with once upon a time because it is not a fairytale. Before the advent of this deadly virus called Coronavirus or with all love that we might want to call it COVID-19, the life wasn’t smooth as people are cribbing about.', 'It is written by Adam Smith that Human wants are endless and thus we know humans can never be satisfied. When we were busy and all the work and stressful lives, we all wanted breaks, we used t crib and cry about not getting time for family and friends. Not having time for self', 'This Coronavirus outbreak had taught each one of us that :', 'How important it is to be thankful for everything we have in our lives while sitting I just realize that how lucky we are that we do not have to go out amidst this crisis to work and earn bread. How sorry I’m for each the daily wage workers who have no other way but to go out', 'The second lesson is that we all can survive without fast food, we all are chefs and have made a lot of appealing and tasty dishes without spending a huge and bogus amount.', 'The third lesson is family is everything, during this quarantine I realized that spending time with my family is so stress-busting and helps me be creative.', 'We need to have other hobbies than going out and chilling.', 'We need to look at the weather, it’s April and it is not that scorching heat we used to face, it’s lovely, nature is recovering. Whenever I wake up in the morning I go to my terrace for Yoga and find many families there, walking, gossiping, it has brought everyone close. Mended relation.', 'All the Instagram stories make me realize that we all have talent just we don’t have time to self introspect, we all are running in a race to be the best.', 'From an economic point of view, though savings are leakage in the money flow but still savings are important for unforeseen circumstances.', 'This lockdown has given us all time to reconnect and get together with all our loved ones, to do what we want.', 'The main lesson is that we should enjoy life and every moment as it is. We never know what might happen to anyone. We never know who could be the last person we are talking to, last person we text, let us all be nice to each other', 'There are many lessons that we have learned. One of them is the awareness about the cleanliness. The term CLEANLINESS, that took Modi Ji about 5 years to teach people about Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, a single case of the virus has taught everyone the importance of cleanliness and hygiene. Corona Virus crisis has taught how the humans at halt can lead the nature to work at itself.', 'Nature has its own mysteries and how what the humans have done to its beings is done to them, they are too imprisoned like the animals they have had imprisoned for years away from their homelands.', 'This Crisis has gaped the differences between the communities and brought the Humans together.', 'We can see a wave of excitement in everyone when Modi Ji gives his tasks. Still, remember how my colony just rang up with the sound of bells and plates and claps. And how beautiful it looked with the balconies lit up with Diyas and Candles. It looked like Diwali in the month of April but Diwali with no pollution and noise.', 'This crisis has made everyone of us thankful to the medical and nursing staff who had been working 24×7 hours , away from their families , so that we can stay safe with our families .', 'It has just made me realize that we never know , if we’ll see the sun tomorrow , If we’ll see the people we love , if we can talk to them again , so let’s not hold grudges and let the go and flow .', 'Corona Virus has united all the humanity against a cause to defeat a virus, this virus has made the world a better place, there are no terror attacks, there are no rape cases, there are no murders, no loots. The Earth is all healing.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/covid-19-how-have-countries-been-responding/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/covid-19-how-have-countries-been-responding/>
{'title': 'COVID-19: How have countries been responding?', 'cont': ['The COVID-19 pandemic is impacting communities all over the world.', 'With 149 offices in countries worldwide, WHO is leading the global effort to support countries in preventing, detecting, and responding to the pandemic. WHO is also monitoring the response: 143 countries have now their own COVID-19 response plans, and almost all (194) countries have adopted public health and other response measures based on WHO’s guidance.', 'The response also covers the procurement of supplies. As of 2 March, WHO has bought and shipped 1.5 million coronavirus test kits and close to 800 000 face masks across the planet, delivering personal protective gear to more than 70 countries. At the same time, more than half of WHO’s personnel are responding on the ground by providing real-time updates, expertise, and coordination as governments, humanitarian agencies, and the public race to respond.', 'Countries are adopting different ways to contain the spread of coronavirus but there is no one-size-fits-all approach.', 'Towns and cities have been locked down and large gatherings banned.', 'Restrictions have been imposed on travellers from hard-hit areas, such as China, Italy and Iran.', 'Major sporting events, carnivals and events have been postponed or cancelled.', 'The COVID-19 coronavirus has now spread to every continent except Antarctica, challenging health systems and governments everywhere. Although the vast majority of the almost 90,000 cases around the world are in China where the virus originated, 64 different countries* are now affected.', 'For most, the virus represents a mild health issue, but for vulnerable members of society the consequences can be more serious. Containment remains a priority for all countries but there is no one-size-fits-all approach to tackling the spread of the disease.', 'The French government has advised its citizens to abandon the customary “bise” greeting – involving kissing each other on the cheek – in a bid to slow the spread of COVID-19.', 'Public gatherings of more than 5,000 people are also off limits, resulting in the cancellation of events like the Paris Half Marathon. Following the decision, the Louvre museum in Paris closed its doors to the public to mitigate the threat of infection posed by visitors arriving from different parts of the world.', 'As the Middle East’s worst hit country, nearly 3,000 cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Iran, including more than 20 lawmakers. The country’s parliament has been suspended indefinitely and MPs have been asked to cancel all public meetings.', 'Iran’s death toll is the third highest, after China and Italy, and medical supplies are running short. Exports of face masks are banned for three months, while Iran’s factories produce new supplies for local people.', 'German Health Minister Jens Spahn has declared coronavirus a ‘worldwide pandemic’, something the World Health Organization has not concluded at this point. The government has banned the export of medical equipment, as Spahn said the virus there had not yet reached its peak.', 'California has declared a state of emergency after the first death in the state, which brought the U.S. death toll to 11. The move follows Washington and Florida both declaring a state of emergency, with 10 of the deaths in Washington state. The government is preventing entry to anyone who has visited China in the last 14 days and has expanded testing nationwide.', 'Precautionary measures are in place in Switzerland, where gatherings of more than 1,000 people have been banned, forcing the cancellation of annual events like the Basel Carnival and the Geneva International Motor Show. Interior Minister Alain Berset has also advised against using the country’s customary three-kiss greeting', 'Authorities in Austria imposed a ban on trains travelling on key international routes to and from Italy, such as the Brenner Pass. The move followed two suspected cases of coronavirus discovered on a train heading from Italy to southern Germany, which later tested negative. The temporary ban has now been lifted, allowing scheduled rail services between Austria and Italy to resume.', 'Italy has shut all its schools and universities for 10 days, as the government also banned public conferences and cultural events to curb the spread of the virus, which has already killed more than 100 people.', 'Some towns in northern Italy’s Lombardy region are in lockdown. Restaurants and businesses are closed, threatening to plunge the country into recession.', 'Curve of confirmed Covid-19 cases outside of CHINA', 'At the epicenter of the outbreak, China has adopted aggressive measures to contain the virus, including city lockdowns, travel restrictions, extending school breaks and closing down theatres, sporting events, and other public venues. Infection rates continue to increase, but the rate of increase has slowed.', 'Hong Kong’s border with mainland China has been closed, preventing visitors from entering the territory. Without the throng of global tourists that usually flock to Hong Kong, the economy has been hit hard. Schools are closed until April, and many flights in and out have been restricted or canceled. Hong Kong’s recently unveiled budget included a government payment of more than $1,200 for each resident to help ease the economic pain', 'Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has called for all elementary, middle, and high schools to close until late March, impacting millions of students. The threat posed by the virus could jeopardize the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games, due to be held in the summer, although no decision to cancel the event has been announced.', 'No coronavirus cases have been detected in Saudi Arabia, but there have been some in regional neighbours like Kuwait and Bahrain. Authorities have barred entry to the kingdom for foreign pilgrims from 25 countries, preventing visits to Islam’s two holiest sites – Mecca and Medina.', 'Ferry services between the UAE and Iran have been suspended and all commercial ships must provide health statements for crew members 72 hours before arriving in the country’s busy ports.', 'outh Korea has the most cases of any nation outside of China. Strict self-isolation requirements are in force throughout the country, with fines or a potential prison sentence awaiting anyone found violating the rules.', 'After military personnel tested positive for the disease, planned annual joint military exercises with US forces have been put on hold.']}
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-2/>
{'title': 'How Coronavirus Impact on the Hospitality Industry', 'cont': ['While Coronavirus has affected the life of every individual, it has also affected various industries for better or for worse. While certain industries like Pharma, Mobile and Web-streaming industries, Fitness and Teleconference apps have boomed during this pandemic, industries like Tourism, Fast-Food Industry, Retail and Leisure sectors have suffered the worst hit due to Coronavirus Impact', 'During this lockdown to prevent the spreading of Coronavirus Impact, almost all of the companies have adopted a work-from-home culture and have used various Teleconference apps to hold meetings. Teleconference apps are also being used by college institutions and universities so that the studies don’t get disrupted. Also, confined to their homes, people have started engaging more in fitness apps, and web streaming services like Netflix, YouTube, and Amazon Prime are at their zenith.', 'While these industries are thriving in this pandemic, the most affected industry during this time is the Hospitality Industry.', 'Hospitality Industry embodies various sectors like transportation, traveling, airlines, hotels, and lodges, etc. Hotels and traveling are also a major part of the Tourism Industry. The tourism and Hospitality industries may appear somewhat similar, but they have their subtle distinctions. Tourism mainly involves traveling and services to those who are away from home. The hospitality industry involves businesses and services that are concerned with leisure and enjoyment and mainly run on customer experience and satisfaction. Their customers may also be local inhabitants along with tourists.', 'The hospitality industry can be majorly divided into ', 'and ', ' include hotels, resorts, hostels, motels, etc. The best of the hotels and resorts that were basking at their peeks, now have no option but to lay off their employees. Many hotels are down to zero occupancies and have led to an immense loss for the hotel establishments. The same is the case for resorts, hostels, motels, etc. that provide accommodations. Since there are no occupants, there is no money inflow, which is leading to the layoffs of employees as the owners are not able to provide paychecks anymore.', 'Businesses in the accommodation sector that have just started, are finding it difficult to cope up with this situation. Various governments have extended small business bridge loans to cope up with this situation. The accommodations sector has no other way to cope with this situation but to wait for the situation to improve so that they can improve their business.', ' restrictions are imposed by various governments to avoid the spreading of Coronavirus. Travel agencies, car rentals, tour operators, flights, and airlines have been hit quite severely by COVID-19. Due to the fear of spreading Coronavirus, people have limited their public outings or have stopped stepping out altogether unless to shop for daily essentials. Coronavirus Impact on travel that ban lays out restrictions on who can travel from where to where. Many international and domestic flights have been suspended to tackle the Coronavirus crisis. Havoc is created across the aviation industry.', 'The months from March to May are said to be the busiest times of the year for the tours and travel industry. But people are reluctant to travel in the fear of catching Coronavirus or getting stuck abroad if the governments announce restrictions, thereby overstaying their visas that can imply their future travels abroad. Airlines and tourism agencies have stopped marketing and advertising as it would be irresponsible and does not make sense during this crisis.', 'To cope up with this situation, airlines like Virgin Atlantic and American Airlines have started deploying passenger flights to carry cargo, while various airlines have laid off. Commercial travel has dropped tremendously. Also, there is a recent drop in jet fuel prices. It is being estimated that many airlines are going to go bankrupt if this situation persists.', 'Apart from airlines, the cruise industry and ', ' this year. They are facing cancellations of bookings, and some new travel agencies are at a risk of closing down rendering all their employees either losing their jobs or going on unpaid leaves in this time of crisis.', 'It is predicted that once the pandemic is over or the situation is under control, the travel and tour industry can take about 10 months to return to normalcy. However, this outbreak may affect the entire tourism industry’s future.', 'Many ', ' fall under the hospitality industry as they offer people ', '. Their customers not only include tourists but locals, passerby’s, etc. These mainly include restaurants, tea and coffee shops, bars and pubs, catering, etc.', 'Catering is provided at places mainly where there is a social gathering, to deliver food and drinks services where it is not provided or not according to the organizer’s preference. Due to this pandemic, many countries are in lockdown, and even those that are not in lockdown are not allowed to hold public gatherings as a safety precaution. Due to the avoidance of public gatherings and events to maintain social distancing, catering services are halted for now.', 'Restaurants, tea and coffee shops, pubs, and bars have all closed down not only for the ', ' but also keeping in mind the safety of their employees and workers. However, a few restaurants that offer food delivery are still working, by taking all the necessary health and sanitation precautions to prevent the spreading of Coronavirus. The number of such restaurants seems to be declining with the increasing cases of COVID-19 as the customers are becoming more and more afraid and cautious about the situation. Though, quick-service food deliveries can cope better than the full-service restaurants during this crisis.', 'Because of this unprecedented crisis, all these industries that are being affected are hoping for government support to make it through such tough times. Without some financial support or help from the government or other institutions, it will be difficult for various establishments to survive through this crisis.', 'It is being indicated that the world will face the worst recession since the Great Depression during this pandemic with so many people losing their jobs, especially those working in the hospitality industry. Thus Coronavirus Impact on different industries', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:09:59 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work-3/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work-3/>
{'title': 'How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?', 'cont': ['A respiratory illness that started from patient zero in Wuhan, a city in China, has now engulfed the entire globe in its clutches. With over 2 million confirmed cases and deaths north of 100,000, Coronavirus, better known as COVID-19, is a challenge unfathomed. History is earmarked with infections and diseases that ravaged continents time and again—Black Death decimated Europe by claiming 200 million lives between 1347 and 1352, Smallpox killed 500 million over decades, bouts of Cholera outbreaks, the emergence of HIV/AIDS and what not—the list is huge and intimidating. But COVID-19 is cut from a different cloth, exposing various loopholes and the modern world’s inability to fend off pandemics and epidemics despite advancements in Science, healthcare, and technology.', 'The COVID-19 pandemic has invoked an unprecedented seismic shift across segments—the world economy is declining, third world countries with underdeveloped healthcare industry are spiraling into poverty and darkness (read about Ecuador being trapped between death and debt), the IMF declaring a global recession—it’s a concoction of tragedy, turmoil, and tribulations. One particularly interesting domain to mull over is the world of work, an umbrella term that encompasses industries, businesses, organizations, and all that jazz.', 'Hundreds of thousands of layoffs are happening in sectors like travel and tourism, hospitality, manufacturing, and basically every other customer-facing domain; not to mention those which rely solely or heavily on physical labor. Quarantine, a measure proposed and already implemented by hundreds of nations to limit the spread of coronavirus, has stopped people from going to their workplace. Offices are empty, factories are silent with machines gathering dust, hotels and restaurants are deserted, etc. The outcome has compelled organizations to remain strong in the face of this adversity and circumvent the problem of employees not being able to step out of their homes. The concept of work from home or WFH is now mainstream and the irrational ideology of decline in productivity and revenue upon implementing WFH has gone for a toss. The surge in the use of video conferencing apps attests to this. Zoom, a popular video call software, has witnessed more than double the number of users in March. Organizations are now cognizant of WFH and its benefits.', 'The onslaught of ‘normal’ working conditions by COVID-19 has made companies revisit the concept of redundancy. It is time to re-evaluate one’s workforce and underline core jobs essential to keeping the company running while highlighting the not-so-important ones. Of course, to render employees jobless and terminate them at this point casts a negative light on the organization’s reputation. So, companies are smart enough to ward such drastic cost-cutting measures at the moment—a few that did so are under the radar of their respective governments for the wrong reasons. It’s not unreasonable to expect corporations to impose significant changes in workforce strength and hierarchy once economic rectitude kicks in.', 'With passing time, more and more countries now have lockdown measures in place. Confined within homes, those with jobs now see the term ‘work-life balance’ unravel. The vicious cycle of work—wake up, go to the office, back at home, have food, sleep, and repeat the same all over again—is a hot-button topic today. The disastrous consequences of burnout at work, job-related stress and the consistent pressure to perform are at the receiving end of much-needed attention like never. Often neglected aspects of life like health, family, contentment, and well-being are not taken for granted anymore. The canard that coronavirus and its virulence is restricted only to the aged has been put to rest. With fatalities in every age-group, workers now grasp the importance of neglecting health for office. Once life’s back on track, a reduction in work-related burnouts and health issues is imminent.', 'Boredom and restlessness (brought about by lockdown) have compelled people to upskill themselves; the presence of MOOC and online courses has buttressed e-learning/online education. LinkedIn is now riddled with professionals flaunting the latest certification from Udemy and Coursera. It took a pandemic for many employees to correlate continuous learning with success and recognition at the workplace. After a couple of months, you’ll find yourself surrounded by smart peers whom you didn’t heed to earlier.', 'Under the pretext of pursuing long left hobbies and passions, the number of active freelancers has increased. Individuals pressed by office workers are using the extra time at hand to take up freelancing and augment their primary source of income. Content writers, copywriters, graphic designers, tutors are now dime a dozen. Will freelancers sustain this flow once the health scare settles? We don’t know. But, COVID-19, without any second thoughts, has given a leg-up to the freelancer culture.', 'Working across time zones has always been a bummer. Converting Indian Standard Time to Eastern Time Zone, Central Time to some other time zone, etc. for meetings meant ensuing headaches. To ensure the business continues, employees divided by geographies are now more accommodating to get cross-functional tasks done. Organizations are witnessing better coordination and collaboration across teams sitting in different parts of the world.', 'Car manufacturers are developing ventilators, hundreds of tech ventures are building COVID trackers, predictors, assistant chatbots and awe-inspiring apps, logistics are bending accepted ways to deal with transportation—an influx of change for good lies in front of us.\xa0 Unimaginable innovation and creativity have risen from the depths of oblivion!', 'The dark side of social media i.e. the use of such platforms to spread rumors and false news is has become more evident than ever. An Indian IT giant expelled one of its employees in lieu of his abominable Facebook post to spread Coronavirus. Organizations will heighten vigilance of what their staff post, publish, or advocate on digital platforms. Condemnable information would bring in dire consequences that extend beyond simple termination. It seems social media has taken a hit for good.', 'All in all, the global outbreak of COVID-19 has ushered in a slew of radical changes to how work is perceived in the grand scheme of things. 2020 will go down in history books as the year that shook the very fundamentals of the world of work!']}
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-3/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-3/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus: Effect on the Hospitality Industry', 'cont': ['The hospitality sector in India has witnessed unprecedented deceleration this year in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Indian hotel sector has been hit hard, tussling with significantly low demand, with very few future bookings. Since the outbreak of COVID-19, companies have been canceling interviews at the top hotel management colleges in India. The ', ' in the country is witnessing a negative impact in the short term with 60-65 percent of interviews getting postponed, especially in the hospitality services sector, following the slowdown across industries triggered by the coronavirus pandemic. Even the students who were aspiring for a career in the hospitality industry are on the verge of full swing. Currently, with the imposition of Section 144, there are barely any bookings being made for the future, and the current ones all stand canceled. In this scenario, there is limited scope for quick revival.', 'It’s proud to see that this sector shows its maturity level: in working together, showing their true hospitality commitments in helping out our society where they can. For example by making their venue available for hospital beds and hospital employees. The situation we are in also brings new business models and opportunities, in defining, for instance, new delivery concepts, human capital sharing platforms, initiatives in promoting the “staycation or holiday concept” and the use of the less productive time to work on activities that were normally pushed forward like asset counts, security plans, defining standard operating procedures, social media plans, etc.', 'This may seem obvious, but it’s worth looking at this a bit closer. The main reason there was such widespread panic was that the government announced its advice to avoid public meeting places like restaurants, bars, and pubs without simultaneously announcing a complete ban or a plan to support the businesses whose revenue streams they’d just denied. Many of these businesses operate on low margins and very fragile cash flow already so the prospect of survival for an indefinite period of time without income seemed very bleak indeed. This has taken a mental toll on already stressed business owners and their worried staff.', 'The', ' on India’s hospitality sector jobs is nothing short of severe. While most economists expect things to rebound in the latter half of the year, uncertainty still lurks. A sheer job trauma is staring at the hospitality industry in the near future. This is as the chances of losing a job are at high risk. Furthermore the entry-level has postponed the hiring for the near future. Let us check here some of the facts concerning the drop in the various hotel occupancy sectors.', 'The hospitality industry can use this chasm to prepare for the upcoming demand by focusing on marketing and up-gradation. This ‘Stop Gap Plan’ is about maintaining a thread of communication, using social media and advertisements, with the consumers. It’s also about strengthening the communication within the company, making a budget and plan for re-opening, and utilizing this period to fix and upgrade whatever is possible. Another step is where all the action is required by the sector. Once the outbreak of the virus is contained and the world is set to travel again, it is suggested that any plan of re-opening must be done keeping long-term benefits and safety compliances in mind. It is imperative that hospitality companies reach out to deferred and canceled bookings and give due attention to domestic travelers. The hotels and airlines must slowly roll out their services rather than starting everything instantly and not get caught up in spending.This way Coronavirus Effect on the Hospitality', 'The government is already taking measures to combat the effects of the pandemic on the country. Here are the multiple measures, if taken by the government of India, can help the Indian hotel industry weather the current storm.', 'Really this is anyone’s guess. We don’t yet know how long it will take for the epidemic to peak and for us to be allowed out again, but one thing I am sure of is that we’ll all be desperate to meet up with friends over dinner or have a pint in the pub! With proper support from the government I think the hospitality industry stands a good chance of bouncing back quickly, but perhaps not in its former form. It is likely that we will see a kind of natural selection take place among restaurants, leaving space for innovative new entrants. The crisis has already forced several restaurants to innovate by developing new services and perhaps, if regulation allows, these will stick, becoming new models for restaurants in the future and offering them a more diverse and resilient set of revenue streams. Thus Coronavirus Effect on the Hospitality and other sectors.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/estimating-the-impact-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/estimating-the-impact-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work/>
{'title': 'Estimating the impact of COVID-19 on the world of work', 'cont': ['These are just a few terms that come to mind when you wake up every morning and listen to the world mourning. With the ', ' hitting almost ', ' throughout the globe and having no possible cure for the foreseeable future, the state of the world is as dismal as it can ever get. The ', ' as it is being called is having adverse effects on almost everything a common man does but more importantly having a ', '. In this article, let’s look at ', '.', '2020 marked the beginning of a new decade and a seemingly difficult one for various organizations across the world. The first quarter of 2020 brought with it, major issues for the workforce. The implementation of ', ' in various countries such as India, Germany, Italy, China, the UK, etc. has made ', ' a compulsion for everyone except those working for essential goods and services companies. The crisis has already led to a ', ' is looming on our heads. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has predicted a shrink of ', ' in the ', ' indicating the extent of the crisis. The severity of the issue is being felt by various big companies in India and other major powers of the world. In an interview, Anand Mahindra, CEO of M&M Group said that the ', ' has been hit the hardest with the ', '. He mentioned the lack of wage workers who help in loading and unloading of material is making transport a major issue for his company, also hinting at the importance of these small workers on the macro-level. CEOs and Managers of various organizations are having a hard time dealing with this crisis. With almost all MNCs such as PwC, BCG, Deloitte, IBM, Infosys, etc. making “work from home” compulsory till around mid-May’20, the ', ' is at its peak now. Whether it’s ', ', staying at home and working is becoming normal as we move forward. Service-based companies are finding it easier to complete their tasks as compared to Product-based companies. According to the IMF the world is going to lose ', ' which is more than the combined output of both Germany and Japan.', 'The ', ' is one of the worst-hit by the pandemic. China, the world’s largest exporter of goods and the epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic has seen a significant fall in output in the first two months of 2020. ', ' has fallen by ', ' and major manufacturers in China are facing problems relating to the shutdown and lack of workforce. Restrictions have affected the supply of Chinese companies like JCB, SAIC, Nissan to name a few. Organizations such as Samsung, Kia, Hyundai, and all other non-essential goods companies have been forced to shut down factories to comply with lockdown norms and for the safety of their employees. Indian manufacturing giants such as Bajaj and Tata have taken the toll due to the lockdown measures in India. Bajaj has been forced to cut employee salaries by 30% and worker salaries by 10% due to a lack of revenue. US-based smartphone and tech giant Apple Inc. has shut all its stores worldwide with its factories in China and the USA unable to produce new products for the time being. These are just a few examples and production has been hit globally in all countries and there is a lack of demand to compliment this, further enhancing the problem faced by producers.', 'The world of work also includes those who are willing and able to work but cannot find a job, i.e., the unemployed. The ', ' across all nations affected by the pandemic. According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, the number of people filing for ', 'hit a record high close to ', '. China reported an unemployment rate of ', ' in Jan’20 and figures are expected to get worse in many other countries. According to the ', ', more than ', ' soon due to this crisis and lead to a significant decline in income. The financial crisis of 2008 caused a 22 million spike in unemployment worldwide and the nature of the current situation makes it more dangerous. The fall in revenues and effects on both supply as well as demand mean that companies are having a hard time maintaining their balance sheet and taking care of their liabilities. Lack of job opportunities from the next quarter and salary cuts for existing employees might be the way forward in the corporate world.', 'Amongst all the negative impacts of COVID-19 on organizations across the globe, there are a few opportunities that are ready to be explored after this crisis. ', ' are key aspects that have been mentioned in the past to be the ones contributing to the growth and a rise in revenues for various businesses. In times of Social Distancing and a shutdown of physical services, the digital markets may prove to be game-changers in the near future. Offering products online and promoting through digital marketing will be at the forefront. The quarantine time must be utilized in order to improve existing products and increase the customer base of companies. Byju’s, India’s famous online learning platform is leading by example in this front by offering its application essentials and courses for free. This will help them expand their brand in the coming years and create a customer base. Cult Fit, a Bangalore based fitness startup has used technology to create an application helping fitness freaks to workout from home. ONEPLUS, the Chinese Smartphone brand launched its new flagship, the ONEPLUS 8 in an online event, and created a filter to let smartphone lovers do a virtual unboxing of the device as getting the device physically is not possible at the moment due to restrictions. ', ', America’s leading sports and fitness equipment brand started an online campaign, “We’re in this Together” and the hashtag “#PlayItSafe” to appeal to their customers and increase sales of their home workout equipment. These examples show how brands and organizations have realized the importance of this lockdown to expand their base and consolidate their position in the market ', 'as they battle out the crisis.', 'The COVID-19 pandemic has led to chaos and panic throughout the working world. But there are ', ' for companies to expand and improve in the future. All organizations need to have a designed plan in place to ensure smooth functioning once the lockdown is lifted. ', ' will become key for ', '. The ', ' industry which is currently in its worst state will need to recover fast in order to ensure the safe movement of passengers once borders are reopened across the world. The ', ' will need to move to ', ' and ', '. Artificial intelligence will play a key role with a reduction in workforce eminent due to lack of demand. Handling tasks with the help of AI and reducing the need for an employee will improve cost-effectiveness until revenues rise back to normal. E-Learning has evolved over the past few years and its importance has been realized over this quarantine period. All major colleges and schools have transformed into an online program in order to educate students. This change is likely to be carried forward with more and more Educational Institutes switching platforms. E-commerce has also been an integral part of the world and will become even more important in the coming days. As malls and markets are shut and are expected to remain shut, e-commerce websites will benefit from the same. It is also an opportunity for retailers and vendors to create their base online or sell through e-retailers in order to generate revenue. Small vendors and retailers will continue to be an important part of the supply of the essential good to households and improving sanitation in these places will be key. ', 'that have switched to the atmosphere of “Work from Home” will find it easier to connect large groups of people together at all times and ensure all employees contribute to the smooth functioning of the companies in the crucial days up ahead. Entrepreneurial minds will also be encouraged to put forth their idea and create a startup of their own to make the corporate world an improved space in the future.', 'The world is in a state of panic and it is important for all of us to be united in this fight against COVID-19. As employees continue to work from home and make study rooms their cabins, organizations need to adapt to this new style of working and realize its importance for the coming months until a solution is found for this problem. Internet and online services will play an important role in the future. This transition will lead to a better ', ' and improve accessibility throughout the globe.', 'STAY SAFE, STAY TOGETHER AND DEVELOP YOUR COMPANY FURTHER!']}
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/covid-19-how-have-countries-been-responding-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:00 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/covid-19-how-have-countries-been-responding-2/>
{'title': 'COVID-19: How have countries been responding?', 'cont': ['“If anything kills over 10 million people over the next few decades, it’s most likely to be a highly infectious virus rather than a war” – Bill Gates', 'Bill Gates in his TedX address in 2015 pointed out to the predicament of world leaders who failed to invest sufficiently into health infrastructure and he further elaborated on the inability of the prevailing health facilities to accommodate the next pandemic the world would face.', 'The whole world is grappling with COVID-19- the virus that took birth in the city of Wuhan and spread across the globe, claiming more than half a hundred thousand lives and affecting more than two million people.', 'With the fear of the virus spreading, the whole world entered into a complete and stringent lockdown mandated by the national governments. This caused economic activities worldwide to come to a standstill except for sectors that provisioned essential goods and services. The international agency-IMF has projected that the global output will contract by 3% in 2020 which is even worse than the 2008-09 financial crises. Moody downgraded the global growth forecast to 2.5% in 2020 from an earlier estimate of 5.3%. The US economy is expected to contract by 2%, Euro-era by 2.2% and China is expected to grow at 3.3% rather than an earlier estimate of 6% in 2021', 'The national governments have been presented with inevitable challenges of ensuring sustenance and livelihood to masses, improving investor confidence and preventing the economies from falling into a recession in the absence of consumerism amidst the uncertainty about the longevity and future intensity of the pandemic.', 'The GOI took the decision to enter into lockdown in the preliminary phase of the spread of the virus. The Indian economy in the fiscal year 2019 was already hit by severe NPA crises. It witnessed a downward spiral and grew at a mere rate of 5% as against 6.8 % in 2018 as per the statistics released by the NSO-National Statistical Organization. The manufacturing and construction sectors were negative outliers. The government in order to recuperate announced a plethora of decisions. The government cut the corporate tax from 30% to 22% and for manufacturing enterprises from 25% to 15%. In order to strengthen the position of public sector banks, the government announced the merger of 10 public sector banks into 4', 'The government also announced a fiscal stimulus of 1.7 lakh crores INR stepping over its fiscal deficit target in order to drive the economy out of the downward spiral and get it on the path of growth, giving lubricant to an economy facing liquidity crunch with heightening NPA.', 'But the Coronavirus outbreak halted the economic activity and posed government the issue of fulfilling the basic survival needs of workers in the informal sector in the wake of massive urbanization. The daily wage earners tried to walk down to their native places in huge numbers posing immense difficulty for the government.\xa0Apart from that the domestic equity market indices- the BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty crashed which reflected the erosion of investor confidence and reflected stealth of bearish sentiment around the world.', 'All this amalgamated together posed a serious question on the survival of a huge chunk of the Indian population and invited a lot of criticism for the government.', 'This is when the Central NDA government announced a fiscal relief package: The Central government announced a fiscal stimulus of additional INR 1.7 Lakh Crores that constitutes approximately 0.8% of India’s GDP under Pradhan Mantri Gareeb Kalyan Yojna. This fiscal stimulus is used to target the underprivileged section of the society instead of conventional indirectly lubricating the economy through deficit financing.', 'The government under the NFSA-National Food Security Act has decided to provide an additional 5 kg of Indian staple wheat and rice and 1 kg of pulses every month to people with ration cards. The government is expanding and accelerating the dissemination of unilateral transfers under various government schemes.\xa0 Under PM Kisan Scheme an Indian farmer receives payment of INR 6000 in three installments every year. Out of 6000 the GOI had disbursed INR 2000 immediately. The government has made a provision of providing 2 installments INR 1000 for the next three months those already availing old ages, women, or disability pension. The women who are Jan Dhan account holders are to receive INR 500 for the next three months. The government assured the availability of cooking gas by providing 1 LPG cylinder for the next three months to 8.3 crores people covered under Ujjwal Yojna.\xa0 The government in order to prevent the deterioration of and encourage entrepreneurial spirit in already discriminated rural women the government made a provision for Women SHG’s where they can receive collateral-free loans up to INR 20 Lakhs under NRLM (National Rural Livelihood Mission). The government also enhanced payment under MGNREGA from INR 180/day to INR 202/day.', 'The government has also taken upon itself to provide for the EPF contributions of 12% each of the basic salaries of both employees and employers for the next three months. In order to ensure household liquidity the employees can withdraw from their EPF accounts balance up to 75%. The GOI is also providing insurance coverage if INR 50 lakh for a tenure of 3 months for about 22 lakh health workers in government hospitals inclusive of ASHA workers, medical, sanitary workers, and paramedics.', 'The finance minister Nirmala Sitaraman also pointed out that increased money supply combined with the dollar swap with the USA will help curb the inflammatory effect also.', 'Shaktikanta Das, the RBI chief announced a monetary relief package for the economy that seemed to regain investor confidence as the national stock indices rallied. The following are the elements of the package:', 'Despite tourism, hospitality, domestic trade, airline industry taking a hit, India was presented with quite a few opportunities as well.', 'India came as a messiah to export hydroxychloroquine to the USA, followed by Indian pharmacy companies- Lupin, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Strides Pharma’s plants in India, and Biocon’s plant in Malaysia being given clearance by US FDA-US Food and Drug administration. This gives massive export opportunities to these entities, improving their growth prospectus. The crash of crude oil prices caused by falling out of negotiations between OPEC and Russia creating supply pressure along with lowered demand enabled India to lower its import bill. According to a report by ICRA every $10 decline in crude oil price saved India $15 billion.', 'Not only India but countries like the USA, Japan, UK, and Germany have announced massive fiscal stimulus packages to equip their economies to come out of this phase of decelerating economic activity.', 'US announced a fiscal package of $2 trillion with is approximately 9.3% of its GDP. This relief package is the largest relative to the GDP is the largest of the kind in the Modern American History. It is way larger than $800 billion assistance provided in 2008. Germany introduced largest fiscal stimulus in relation to GDP.', 'The following graph indicates the fiscal stimulus as a proportion of GDP of respective countries', 'Workers in the US whose annual incomes are up to $75000 will receive $1200 in direct payments as well as $500 for every offspring. America being America came to the rescue of businesses by allocating $500 billion to businesses and local government bodies.', 'It announced various sectorial packages-$50 billion for passenger airlines, $8 billion for cargo carriers, $17 billion for businesses involved in maintaining national security. Taking care of the small industry sector, the US government committed itself to devote $350 billion to the working capital requirements of these entities. The government further allocated $150 billion for the health care sector, $45 billion for the disaster relief fund, $31 billion for the education sector, $27 billion for research and development, and $15.5 billion towards the food stamp program.', '. Republican President Donald Trump has been under a lot of criticism lately. The tackling of the COVID-19 crises by America could either relinquish Trump administration or them another tenure. But so far the situation seems critical with the USA registered with the maximum number of cases', 'China- the epicenter of the pandemic has been facing a lot of backlash from world powers like the USA, UK, France, and Germany; each country asking for monetary compensation. The US even alleged that China has conducted low-frequency nuclear tests while the whole world is anguished. China has also been frowned upon for acquiring a stake in various companies like-The PBOC enhancing its claim in HDFC to 1% and many other entities amidst panic selling. China also capitalized on low crude oil prices by creating massive buffers. It further exported PPE to various countries, capitalizing on the minutest of opportunities available.', 'This is the time to be prudent and try to remain optimistic as is illuminated by Charlie Munger,-“I would ……when the worst typhoon that’s ever happened comes. We just want to get through typhoon and we’d rather come out it with a whole lot of liquidity. …”']}
2022-07-07 01:10:01 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work-4/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:01 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work-4/>
{'title': 'How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?', 'cont': ['COVID19 affects the world from every way life emotional to social, philosophy to physical. Economical to the thread of life…it is known as present as part of life. which tell as on a daily base to the world just stop your self where you are present..if you move you will lose to yourself and to others, it’s like a story which tells which we listen in our childhood one dirty fish harm the all see.', 'So now we have one only options to not move which tell as that we can’t work as we working 3months earlier….till the hope of living make new invention to challenge the world biggest challenge…upto that time we have stop to as to work as we are working eailer that mean we have to do essential work…this self defince throory and sanjvini of life is going to affect world of work as i mantion in many why before we understand current sanrio…i wold like to share some personal life experiences with you i belong to small beautiful city it far from 250 km from india capital new Delhi…story of today my city is not that mctah complex as big metro city or world most developed nations are facings problem of covid but still we are at self isolated face as city ti safe as here the problem which tell as beautiful stories 4week earlier when there no lock down was there our maid came to work at home and my mom asked here to stop working she repided very beautiful that if we stop working who will going to take care of my family. here directly saying moany is one thing at that time but may mon replied here that we will help you and I also replied here that government will also help if their situation will be critical but she reply again and told me that what use of here good health that if we can’t use to for work and she continues to come on work till 2day of 1st lockdown. She stops till when law forced here to stop here…my mom asked here yesterday when she comes to our medical shop to take medicine for her family. What you are doing know days she replied again in a beautiful way and told us that she said I going into gurdwara to for making food for a needed person with taking some sought of privation I asked why you are doing she replied that I am financial strong so that I can help other but I can do which I can do is work for other…this story give many views regarding the current working scenario. even I was thinking earlier we are going fave of life where we going to so lazy and more addicted of device yes we going to attend of these things but as our DNA and value system and living force to earn money for living or living for money is going to work as past this story till me that we going to past as future today is just phase which will pass out one day with some spreading difficulty and learning of life that give a clear picture that we not going to time world work stop in future and if we talk about the current scenario we still not our critical work yes we have to stop or we many cases we stop using unnecessary think. let discuss the current world work situation with some facts and figures…..In the worst-case scenario, the world economy could contract by 0.9 percent in 2020,” the DESA said, adding that the world economy had contracted by 1.7 percent during the global financial crisis in 2009. this will result in a massive increase in the unemployment rate even some figure start to come regarding jobless like:', 'America till know project that they are going to be 2 crore jobless due to covid19 if this will continue till 3 moth more, see face developing nation when the name of doping nation come to the first ma,e come into mind is India', 'with reference of business stand article;', 'we estimated the cost of lockdown nearly 17.008 lakh crore or rupee 17 trillion dollar loss to a different sector of business if strictly lockdown is followed till 17 may let’s see sector ways…', 'the mining sector is going to affect completely with the loss of 0.6975 lakh crore rupees only and manufacturing sector going face loss of 4.86 lakh crore only, construction cooling shut down for 2.385 lakh crore loss, trade hotel transport business\xa0 and broadcasting facing loss 5.445 lakh crore, financial real estate are going face loss of6.3225 lakh crore which make total 17 lakh crore loss\xa0', 'this finger is eagle to the total focal budget of the movement of India of 2015 and India estimate COVID 19 costs the 3 crore people jobless in India so imagine where we are going but still, we have hope to get well soon because we know when to work or when to stop us. My last opinion state work of word today affected but after some time we will at the same path where we in the past it just need some afford.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:01 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:01 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis-2/>
{'title': 'Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus crisis', 'cont': ['As we speak, the world finds itself engulfed in one of its worst crises in recent times. The global COVID-19 pandemic has caused never-seen-before disruption in both public and economic life. Not only have factories shut down or supply chains abruptly stopped or millions of workers stranded, but festivals suspended, families separated across countries and public-healthcare systems put under tremendous stress. Such a scenario is a first-time for many, but the world has been through pandemics of a similar scale and nature before, and after the due struggle, emerged victoriously. As the more experienced amongst us would remember, the SARS and MERS outbreaks in the early 2000s presented a similar scenario, although at a much lower rate of infection, yet with higher rates of morbidity. Going back further in time, the 1918 Spanish Flu brought a world just out of the first world war, to a standstill. Considered to be the worst amongst modern-era pandemics, the Influenza pandemic affected one-third of the world’s population and 50 million lives. Yet, preventive measures such as social-distancing, quarantine, mass-vaccinations, public support, and restraint have proved to be successful in all such situations, even being effective in occasional plague outbreaks across the world. We face a similar situation today – an extremely infectious virus, which has already spread globally, confined people to their homes and is causing tremendous economic loss every minute economic activity remains suspended, affecting both the government and the industries alike.\xa0', 'Can past similar incidents guide industries in such trying times? Can our governments take note of how public-policy measures adopted during the Spanish flu, SARS and MERS outbreak helped in eliminating such pandemics?', 'The panic due to the outbreak of COVID-19, and more importantly, the lockdown measures to deal with it, are quite similar to those during the 1918 Influenza Pandemic, or as it is more commonly referred to as, the Spanish Flu. Large cities around the world were put under strict lockdowns, and businesses worldwide came to a grinding halt as large chunks of the population became bedridden.', 'The immediate consequences were the same as the ones observed in the past few weeks – rampant unemployment, supply shortages, and heavy reliance on social security systems, causing a sudden strain on national economic resources.', 'Effective and transparent communications are one of the most crucial and useful tools in disease control. Iran presents a great example of the damage that can be unleashed by a media-blackout. Secondly, censorship might not be the best way to appease the masses during such times. The long-term political impact of media censorship and manipulation of epidemic-related facts in China is yet to be seen. Still, the short-term international unrest and dissent have only deteriorated international relations. At the risk of quoting a cliché as well as the established Streisand effect, the truth always comes out, no matter how many countries try to hide it.', 'The Spanish Flu spread was aggravated due to the failure of policymakers in adopting effective containment measures. Research shows that US cities which undertook measures to reduce contact amongst citizens in early-1918 displayed significantly lower peak death rates compared to cities that failed to or were too late to adopt disease containment policies.', 'To quote the results from this 2007 study, “', '”', '1: Contrasting the Death Rates in Philadelphia v. St. Louis during the 1918 Influenza Outbreak', 'As one might guess, Philadelphia was late to levy restrictions on gatherings, parades, and social distancing measures, whereas St. Louis was not.', 'From the same study, we see the definition of a popular phrase “', '” emerging – which is spreading out the rate of infection over time, enabling health care systems to treat people in a staggered manner, in line with available resources. And, to further corroborate this result, the following graph from the same study shows the different trajectories followed by the disease in two cities of the US.', 'Hence, regardless of the multiple debunking claims of social-distancing & lockdown as an effective preventive mechanism, previous epidemics have taught us that they perform a marvelous job at ‘flattening the curve’.', 'Social Distancing & Lockdown measures are effective, only if sustained, at least for a few months, even after things start to improve.', 'Markel (2007), shows the disastrous consequences that the early relaxation of bans on public gatherings in St. Louis had on death rates, during the Spanish flu. The pullback of social distancing measures to pursue economic interests was premature and caused a sudden, unprecedented surge in the number of deaths due to the flu.', '2: Deaths due to the Spanish Flu in St. Louis – A Wider Picture. The black & grey lines show the duration for which social-distancing measures were active.', 'Another peak in death rates was observed only in cities that had relaxed distancing measures prematurely. Hence, it is crucial to consider this past artifact when governments compare the inconveniences to the public & damage caused to the economy due to such measures, with the benefits to the nation in terms of human life saved, and then make the call as to when the restrictions must be eased.', 'The industry has played a key role in the obscure fight against the worldwide outbreak. But it faces its fair share of challenges, in such unprecedented times.', 'Global industries have weathered through multiple natural disasters and two epidemics of a similar scale and nature. Their recovery-paths have immense strategic implications for current policy-makers and offer strategic insights, helping companies chart out their short-term & long-term strategies.', '3: This graph looks at the retail sales impact of the SARS epidemic in China in 2003; the earthquake, tsunami and Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan in 2011; and the MERS epidemic in South Korea in 201.5', 'Three phases characterise the impact on the retail market in all these three cases:', 'The paths inevitably converge to stabilization but follow different trajectories, and are swayed by public perceptions and externalities, as in the case of the mid-autumn festival in South Korea. Looking at the retail sector from a micro-lens, past crises show that demand trends vary amongst product categories, both during and post the crisis. The three categories usually follow such trends:', '4: Demand Trends during & post a Pandemic-generated Crisis', 'These three trends are a valuable tool for both large scale players and regional retailers who now have the means to prioritize and predict consumer-demand and consequently alleviate a sudden strain on the product supply chain arising out of sudden & unexpected demands.', 'A peculiar outcome of such epidemics have been the somewhat permanent changes instilled in consumer buying trends across the inflicted regions, across product categories – Fresh staples see a sharp rise in their demand and product hygiene & safety standards are ranked higher up in the consumers’ priority list. Hence, the advantage lies with producers who can quickly integrate changed consumer-preferences in their products, showcase product reliability & quality, and priced competitively, given the prevalent context. Lastly, previous pandemics have consolidated a long-standing theory, which is true not just for the retail sector but for any consumer-centric industry that there is, – Consumer Loyalty is tried and tested during these times. Effective Consumer Relationship Management (CRM) can forge bonds that go a long way, weathering through the thick and thin in such unprecedented times.', 'Almost two decades ago, the SARS outbreak in China had pushed entrepreneurs and established players to embrace the dawn of the e-commerce era. This outbreak is expected to accelerate further the shift from conventional brick-mortar based commerce to a centralized online cloud-store based mechanism. Survival, in the FMCG sector at least, will be decided to a great extent by the breadth of the supply chain networks and the ability to overcome severe bottlenecks.', 'The past has shown that even though established large-scale players with deep pockets and extensive networks, have a likelier chance to tough it through these hard times, even the regional players & SMEs make it through, strengthened by community-support, empathy and most importantly, local relationships.', 'This global pandemic outbreak has made one thing painfully clear – there is a lack of global collaborative research on ways to combat the spread of such infectious diseases. In the words of Johan Neyts, professor of virology and president of the Belgian-based, International Society for Antiviral Research (ISAR), health authorities failed to incorporate the learnings of the SARS outbreak of the early 2000s, partly because of the economic crisis of 2008 which squeezed funds from any potential research that could have been undertaken and partly because of the lack of seriousness in authorities in considering the efforts involved in dealing with the future expected breaks of coronavirus due to its seven different strains in existence.\xa0', 'All of these lessons come with a caveat – Things change with time. The modes of communication have changed. Both information & travel is much more accessible now. We have fast planes & faster internet. We have better healthcare capabilities and a much better, if not perfect, healthcare system. In 1918, people didn’t even know that a virus was causing the pandemic until much after its eradication. Today, we already have extensive research going on for 70 different probable vaccines for the virus, with a record setting pace in clinical trials and approvals.', 'We are much better equipped than what we were 100 years ago, and at the same time, somewhat under-equipped to deal with it. But these lessons from the various similar crises that humanity has faced and risen from, act as a glimmer of hope in these dire times, and if put to good use, can aid in the fight against COVID-19. In the words of Howard Markel, “There’s never been a better time in human history to have a pandemic than today, with the exception of next week or a month later. You want to kick that can down the road, but it’s here today.”']}
2022-07-07 01:10:01 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis-3/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:01 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/lessons-from-the-past-some-key-learnings-relevant-to-the-coronavirus-crisis-3/>
{'title': 'Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus crisis', 'cont': ['The current topic that is burning the world alive is the deadly coronavirus. Let us first understand what this coronavirus actually is. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the Coronavirus disease which is called the COVID-19 is an infectious disease which is caused by the newly discovered Coronavirus. The COVID-19 virus is a virus that affects different people of the world in different ways. The COVID-19 disease is a respiratory disease and most of the infected people will develop mild to moderate symptoms and recover without even requiring special treatment.\xa0 The people who already have underlying medical conditions and those people who are over 60 years old have a higher risk of developing severe disease and death.', 'Common symptoms include:', 'Other symptoms include:', 'The people living in this world who have only mild symptoms of this deadly disease but are otherwise healthy should self-isolate and contact their medical provider or a COVID-19 information line for advice on testing and referral. The people who have a fever, cough, or difficulty breathing should call their doctor and seek medical attention.', 'In the last 3 months, there has been a drastic change to human life all around the world. The coronavirus outbreak happening in the world is no more just an epidemic but it is also considered as a global pandemic now. The people everywhere in the world are being asked to stay home and stay away from other people so as to reduce the risk of infection.', 'The deadly disease Coronavirus has brought with it a wave of negative outcomes, terrible illness, and death, but at the same time it has also highlighted some important life lessons. Some of them are as follows:', '1. ', 'your freedom for the greater good of the public: There is no doubt for anyone that it has been difficult for everyone in the world to stay at home. Many people complaining about feeling bored and aimless. Some people may even have the feeling that it is a breach of their individual rights, being made to stay home. However, when it comes to the greater good, one should always be willing to sacrifice a little bit of that freedom. A balance between individual rights and public safety is an ever-changing thing. Trade a little bit of your freedom for the greater good of the public.', '2. ', 'General hygiene is always important. Not just when there is a virus. You should know the drill by now. Wet your hands. Lather them with soap. Scrub for 20 seconds. Rinse off. Dry with a clean towel. Washing hands on a regular basis are really the best way to keep safe because soap is a very effective way to kill viruses.', '3. ', 'In this time of the global outbreak of the Coronavirus disease, many people have learned that their jobs were possible to do from home. Most jobs have a certain amount of work that can be done remotely. Without the virus in place, there should still be some system in place that will promote work-life balance.', '4. ', ' If you are feeling sick at any day in this situation, it is highly beneficial that you just stay home. It is a common feeling among lots of people that their office environment does not encourage taking sick days. Many people want to appear like martyrs to their managers. This mentality needs to stop. If you are sick, just stay home.', '5. ', ' According to a study done by the University of Birmingham, the right to Internet access, also known as the right to broadband, should be considered a human right. Many people from all over the world are unable to get online, particularly the people who live in developing countries, and so they lack meaningful ways to influence the global players shaping their everyday lives. In addition to this, during times like these, it is especially important to be able to contact family, friends, and work from home if necessary. The Internet is the only way to do so.', '6. ', 'If this scary time has taught us anything, it’s that doctors and researchers will be the ones who get us out of this mess. The doctors and the researchers are the only ones who are working day and night to drive the recovery of the world. At the moment, hundreds of scientists scramble to find a coronavirus treatment. It is high time for us that we need to re-evaluate how much money Hollywood actors, pro-athletes, and politicians make and instead pay the scientist and the doctors the salary they deserve.', '7. ', 'The situation that has forced everyone to stay at home has forced many people to learn, re-learn, or re-ignite their love for cooking. Learning how to cook is to have one of the most important skills in life. You depend on yourself. It teaches you self-sustainability and you save a lot of money. These days, hundreds of people sharing social media posts of their delicious meals. They are re-discovering the wonders of eating in.', '8. ', 'Now that we can’t go out and keep busy, the best way to combat loneliness is to be in regular contact with friends and family, by chatting over the phone or video chatting. This is the time to have long talks and deep conversations. Don’t forget human connection during these crucial times. Call your grandma!', '9. ', 'If you live near a spacious outdoor area, like the desert or an empty road lined with trees and you realize it is the only safe, surface-less space to take a walk in, then you start to realize how beautiful nature actually is. The point is not to remain indoors, but to avoid being in close contact with others. When you do leave your home, whether it is for a walk in the desert or a run on your street, make sure to wipe down any surfaces with which you come into contact and at the same time also avoid touching your face and frequently wash your hands.', '10. ', 'It is so hard for some people to just be still and do nothing. Being alone, especially for extroverts can be exhausting and lonely. Social distancing can be very difficult, but it can also teach you a lot about yourself. You learn how to keep yourself busy. Your body and mind is your home and you have to learn how to love it and live with it.', 'Conclusion: It is rightly said that it is important to learn from the past. The deadly Coronavirus disease that is taking the lives of so many people across the world, has taught so many life lessons to the people living in it. These lessons are not meant to be forgotten but are to be remembered by human beings in order to make the Earth a beautiful place to live in. Lastly, I would like to conclude by mentioning that “Stay at Home. Stay Safe. Save Lives”.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-4/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry-4/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus: Impact on the Hospitality Industry', 'cont': ['Coronavirus, now globally carrying the status of a pandemic, has led to a worldwide crisis with its effects on the hospitality industry potentially heavier than those of 9/11, SARS, and the financial crisis in 2008. know how Coronavirus Impact the Hospitality Industry', 'This time, however, the hospitality industry has never experienced and sudden downturn. Putting the human at the Centre of the situation, the virus generates fear and impacts us in a deeply emotional way that this generation has never felt.', 'Covid-19 has made a massive impact in ', ' and hospitality sector. The industry is passing through an unforeseen & unprecedented crisis. This has led to a socio-economic domino effect with a significant impact on the global tourism and hospitality industry. Thus Coronavirus Impact on the Hospitality Industry.', '96% of all global destinations have imposed travel bans or restrictions by Jan 2020. The tourism & Hospitality Industry is ', ' which can help you enrich, enlighten & provide self- satisfaction.', 'The industry contributes 10.3% of Global GDP which means providing 1 in 10 jobs in the world (2019 Statistics) and 9.2% of India’s GDP providing 1 in 4 new jobs in India (Indian Statistics,2018). With global industry growth, 3.5% potentially providing 330 million jobs besides a significant source of foreign exchange is now standstill with un-paralleled and unforeseen impact', 'United Nations World Tourism Organisations states that “Any assessment of the impact of this unparalleled crisis on ', ' is quickly surpassed by the fast-changing reality. Considering the unparalleled and fast-evolving nature of the crisis, it is extremely challenging to estimate the impact of COVID-19 on international tourism”.', 'With the numbers rising every week, approximately 75 million jobs are affected. This is also impacting local products and vulnerable communities whose survivals depend on the incoming of more and more tourists.', 'Spreading the impact, almost all tourism allied industries and jobs are suffering. Because, tourism has always had a history of continued growth and resilience.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/why-scams-like-nirav-modi-happen-with-indian-banks/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/why-scams-like-nirav-modi-happen-with-indian-banks/>
{'title': 'Why scams like Nirav Modi Happen with Indian banks?', 'cont': ['India has been beset by financial scams since Independence. Every 4-5 years, Indian citizens hear about so many trillions of public money being misappropriated and eventually lost by people who the public is supposed to start. In this article, with examples, I would like to point out that there are two factors to scams like Nirav Modi: the complicity of actors within the financial industry and the systemic loopholes in an emerging financial system that has been used for scams like Nirav Modi.', 'The first financial scam of Independent India was found in 1958 when Feroze Gandhi, MP found that In 1957, Haridas Mundhra got the government-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to invest Rs. 12.4 million (about US$3.2 million at the time) in the shares of six troubled companies of whom Mundhra held a large number of shares which he was trying to boost by rigging the market. The investment was done under governmental pressure and bypassed the LIC’s investment committee, which was informed of this decision only after the deal had gone through. In the event, LIC lost most of the money. Several leading stockbrokers who were on the LIC Investment Committee testified that the investment could not have been made for the purpose of propping up the market, as was claimed by the Finance Ministry, and that had the LIC consulted the Investment Committee, they would have pointed out Mundhra’s forged shares episode from 1956. The Finance Minister T. T. Krishnamachari, in his testimony, tried to distance himself from the LIC decision, implying that it may have been taken by the Finance Secretary, but Justice M.C. Chagla held that the Minister is constitutionally responsible for the action taken by his secretary and he disowns his actions. Eventually, Krishanamachari had to resign. The Nehru government suffered considerable loss of prestige in the incident.', 'The 1992 Indian stock market scam was a stock market scam orchestrated by Harshad Mehta. The scam took place in Mumbai and was the biggest market scam of India. The 1992 scam was a systematic stock fraud using bank receipts and stamp paper which caused the Indian Stock market to crash. The scam lead to a complete structural change of the security system of India and introduced a completely new system of stock transactions. The 1992 scam exposed the Indian financial systems through the inherent loopholes of the system. This scam led to the reform of the security system of India and introduced online security systems. The scam was orchestrated in such a way that Mehta secured securities from the State Bank of India against forged cheques signed by corrupt officials and failed to deliver the securities. Mehta made the prices of the stocks soar high through fictitious practices and would go on to sell the stocks that he owned in these companies. The 1992 scam raises many questions which involved many bank officials responsible for collusion with Mehta. The 1992 scam caused an investigation through which many officials were implicated in fraudulent charges. The security system of India took a rapid reform in its fundamental structure post the 1992 scam. The first major structural change was the formation of the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). The first major reform in the financial sector of India was the formation of the CII Code for Desirable Corporate Governance developed by Rahul Bajaj. Post-1992, a new regulatory board known as the Securities and Exchange Board of India was formed to monitor the National Stock Exchange and the National Securities Depository. There were structural changes in the equity market. The government introduced ten acts of parliament and one constitutional amendment based upon the principles of economic reform and legislative change for the equity market. The NSE introduced online trading in 1994 which changed the dynamics of stock buying and selling. The capital market now opened up nationally as opposed to being confined in Mumbai. The exchange system started functioning based on satellite communications that abolished geographical barriers.', 'In 2001, Ketan Parekh purchased large stakes in less known small market capitalization companies and jacked up their prices through circular trading with other traders, and collusion with these companies and large institutional investors. This resulted in steep hikes in share prices. It later transpired that promoters and industrialists often gave Parekh funds to artificially rig up their share prices. This set of ten stocks was colloquially referred to as “K-10” stocks and Parekh was playfully referred to as “Pentafour”. The RBI commenced an investigation against Parekh. Around the same time, a bear cartel of brokers in Mumbai opposed to Parekh tried to dump their shares of K-10 stocks. Panicking, Parekh sold off his entire ownership of the so-called K-10 stocks that he had successfully jacked up over the past two years. This resulted in a stock market crash the next day, resulting in large-scale losses for large institutional investors, including insurance companies and mutual funds. A 30 member Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) investigation ensued which found that Parekh had been involved in circular trading throughout the time period from and ', 'When the Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) started scanning an entire spectrum of IPOs launched over 2003, 2004, and 2005, it ended digging up more dirt and probably prevented a larger conspiracy to hijack the market. It involved the manipulation of the primary market—read initial public offers (IPOs)—by ', ' by using fictitious or benaami Demat accounts. They then transferred the shares to financiers, who sold on the first day of listing, making windfall gains from the price difference between the IPO price and the listing price. This time, fraudsters targeted', ' to make a quick buck at the expense of the gullible small investors. Direct Participants (DPs) used retail applicants’ shares for reaping benefits in the stock market.', 'The 2010 fake housing loan in India was uncovered by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in India. CBI arrested eight top-ranking officials of public sector banks and financial institutions, including the LIC Housing Finance CEO Ramchandran Nair, in connection with the scam. CBI alleged that the officers of various public sector banks and financial institutions received bribes from a private financial services company, which acted as a mediator for corporate loans and other facilities from financial institutions. The bank officials sanctioned large-scale corporate loans to realty developers, overriding mandatory conditions for such approvals along with other irregularities.', 'The Thane police, struggling to crack down on', ' that has taken the income tax department for a ride and defrauded the central exchequer of around Rs 3 crore, has concluded that the scam involved high-ranking officials from the I-T department and the State Bank of India. The fraud-involving two I-T offices in Thane and Kalyan was planned by those familiar with the I-T office functioning. For over two years, 2007-2008 and 2008-2009, the I-T officials disbursed tax refund cheques drawn from the SBI and credited into the account of fictitious assessees in a credit society in Dombivli. As many as 331 such tax refund cheques, some exceeding Rs 1 lakh, were subsequently routed to the Dombivli Nagri Cooperative Bank and funds withdrawn. The I-T refunds are account payee cheques, which can’t be transferred. Despite this, all 331 refund orders were credited to the third-party account of a credit society.', 'The Saradha Group financial scandal was a major financial scam and alleged political scandal caused by the collapse of a Ponzi scheme run by Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies that were believed to be running collective investment schemes popularly but incorrectly referred to as chit funds in Eastern India. It was feared that legitimate non-banking financial companies and microfinance institutions would be stigmatized, leading to a vicious cycle of low depositor trust, higher interest rates, lower lending and a localized credit crisis. Because most of the Saradha Group depositors came from the lowest economic strata, the loss of the investment would cause a further decrease in social mobility. The scandal drew attention to similar illegal deposit mobilizing companies, which are facing increased regulatory pressure. Many of these companies have been variations of timeshare travel schemes, of which there are few clear regulations. In August 2013, the Central Government amended the SEBI Act and gave SEBI powers to search and seize without prior magisterial permission to investigate illegal money collection schemes.', 'NSEL case relates to a payment default at the National Spot Exchange Limited that occurred in 2013 involving Financial Technologies India Ltd when a payment default took place after a commodities market regulator, the Forward Markets Commission (FMC), directed NSEL to stop launching contracts. This led to the closure of the Exchange in July 2013. Three spot exchanges, NSEL, NSPOT, and National APMC were exempted by the government under Section 27 of FCRA to conduct forward trading in one-day contracts. This was done to boost volumes so that their economic viability improved. On the flawed recommendations of the FMC, the Ministry of Consumer Affairs ordered NSEL to settle all existing contracts and not launch any fresh contracts, which led to the crisis. Investigations led by Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Economic Offences Wing (EOW) revealed the role of brokers and defaulters in the NSEL case. The brokers mis-sold NSEL products to their clients by assuring them of fixed returns. The defaulters hypothecated stocks and produced fake warehouse receipts and siphoned the entire default money. FIU (under Finance Ministry) held that NSEL came under the purview of the Forwarding Contracts (Regulation) Act (FCRA) and therefore guilty of failing in several of these obligations under the law. The black money watchdog has slapped a penalty of Rs 1.66 crore for several counts of violating the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) on NSEL. The watchdog further held that failures are deliberate and willful and hence, invite penalties.', 'The NSE co-location scam relates to the market manipulation at the National Stock Exchange of India, India’s leading stock exchange. Allegedly select players obtained market price information ahead of the rest of the market, enabling them to front-run the rest of the market, possibly breaching the NSE’s purpose of demutualization exchange governance and its robust transparency-based mechanism. he alleged connivance of insiders by rigging NSE’s algo-trading and use of co-location servers ensured substantial profits to a set of brokers. The whistle-blower alleged that trading members were able to capitalize on advanced knowledge by colluding with some exchange officials. In a written reply, Minister of State for Finance, Arjun Meghwal told the Lok Sabha in 2016: “The architecture of NSE with respect to dissemination of tick-by-tick through transmission control protocol (TCP) or internet protocol (IP) was prone to manipulation or market abuse.', 'The Punjab National Bank Fraud Case relates to the fraudulent letters of undertaking worth ₹11,356.84 crores (US$ 1.4 billion) issued by the Punjab National Bank at its Brady House branch in Fort, Mumbai; making Punjab National Bank liable for the amount. The fraud was allegedly organized by jeweler and designer Nirav Modi. Nirav, his wife Ami Modi, brother Nishal Modi and uncle Mehul Choksi, all partners of the firms, M/s Diamond R US, M/s Solar Exports and M/s Stellar Diamonds; along with PNB officials and employees, and directors of Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi’s firms have all been named in a charge sheet by the CBI. The bank initially said that two of its employees at the branch were involved in the scam, as the bank’s core banking system was bypassed when the corrupt employees issued LOUs to overseas branches of other Indian banks, including Allahabad Bank, Axis Bank, and Union Bank of India, using the international financial communication system, SWIFT. On 1 March 2018, the government approved the Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill to deter economic offenders from evading the process of Indian law by giving powers to the government to confiscate assets of a fugitive, including Benami assets of absconding loan defaulters. The bill covers a wide range of economic offenders which include: loan defaulters, fraudsters, individuals who violate laws governing taxes, black money, Benami properties, the financial sector, and corruption. In March 2018, the Reserve Bank of India scrapped banking instruments such as the Letter of understanding (Lou) and Letter of Comfort (LoC) that in an attempt to plug a loophole and improve banks’ due diligence in trade credit. Some bankers said that LoUs and LoCs led to receiving banks depending completely on the issuing bank on creditworthiness.', 'As seen in all the above cases for scams like Nirav Modi, the two factors: action taken by the insiders or systemic loopholes were responsible for the majority of the Indian financial scams. The improvement in the industry will only come when all the loopholes are closed down and accountability is given and held to all the people working in the industry.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-on-the-global-economy/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-on-the-global-economy/>
{'title': 'IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON THE GLOBAL ECONOMY', 'cont': ['It was 14th March and I was\naltogether prepared for my last theater competition of this very year. ', 'I only knew in my core how much this competition meant for me. In the morning I made some last-minute calls to my diligent team who were ceaselessly practicing for the past few days to confirm to me that they were all coming for the competition because of the alarming Coronavirus ball game going outside the market. It was not like I wasn’t aware of the situation but I believed that I would be able to handle it because there’s a quote in theatre that says, “Fear is only as deep as the mind allows” and to some length I was fearless. My passion, fondness, and attachment for the theatre were above all the notices and announcements that we’re rolling out.', 'But then at once, I received a call from Mr. Sandeep, the head of the event who told me that the event is put off till the next few days and from that precise moment onwards the journey of hard and strenuous days began and it in point of fact felt like it was all meant to happen. The competition was postponed, the team was stuck in their homes grudgingly, time was haunting us all because of this Coronavirus. These were some of the cardinal ways in which this virus affected us but there was more to this sickness. This very sickness acted like a sadist. I was impressed as I found someone who could act better than me. It has reversed the ways we used to work, play and exercise and the world solution that was asked to practice by the professionals were Social Distancing. ', 'This virus was wild and dangerous towards the people who are in declining health conditions but obviously it could not take off his hands from the young people as well. The Coronavirus cases and deaths were heightening to a great extent. Also the major problem that came in the light was people being fully unprepared and this led to the public becoming snappier, intolerant and non-supportive needless to say as this virus was acting like a sadist. But by all means, our government knows how to best handle the affairs, they decided to shut down schools, colleges, bars anything that would involve the gathering of more than 10 people. With disinformation coming from all around related to this infection it becomes hard to judge for the audience what is true and what is false and it worsens when the public consumes this information by working from home. This virus was not only hollowing people from deep inside but was also supporting and increasing some other country-related issues one of which is Fake news which is a serious problem.', 'With fake news traveling around the world, people come and start to blabber. People start offering numerous solutions and want that most of the people should follow it. They start acting like saints who know all the solutions to this pandemic. Some of the solutions are convenient to follow but some are not and are unhealthy which creates immense confusion and arguments. But the best way to stop the confusion and to avoid these people is to avoid their arguments and to not convince them with your points because it is rightly said a man convinced against his will is of the same opinions still. The thing to do is to look after your family and to avoid shady and deceitful people.', 'But one thing that can’t be avoided is our expanding and maturing industries that lend a hand in developing our nation but no power to choose is left with our industries but to be at a standstill in this current moment as Coronavirus right now is winning the game. The untold number of industries is growing down and a major one is our Tourism industries and if this continues to happen then in no time there will be a loss to jobs close to more than 75 million. Many working people like in the tourism industry and not only in this peculiar industry but also in various others, people are getting suspended because of a hefty amount of lost revenue. One of my own family members resorted to this issue by working for free for the next few months in order to at least protect her job. Who should be blamed for these kinds of situations is also a point of concern for many people.', '“Massive hunger will definitely kill the poor before this virus”, this statement takes my immediate attention. What options are left with the daily-wage earners? I would say no option. They are the ones who are in the most condemning situations. Lockdown for us can be a way to relax or listen to karaoke, but lockdown for them means an end to their life. Unquestionably, this decision by our Prime Minister is the best he could take but when the best turns out to be the worst for someone then I think it’s a moment to question. Going to the internet and writing what’s the best way to spend this Quarantine, should definitely be what’s the best way in which we can help people, but naturally, this would not interest many people. Furthermore, this set off to become more hell when people start with the activity of stockpiling. Unnecessary piling of food is altogether a reason for shortage and ultimately hunger.', 'My maid Mala who is a housewife and has a small suffering family, I believe could have written this article in a better manner if she would have the relevant education because she is the actual prey to this problem. She being the patient will exactly know the impact this virus can have on our lives because sitting in our homes with a cup coffee can never let us know what an empty cup feels like. Mala said to me think how much we would be tolerating that our Prime Minister apologized to the public for this Lockdown which was certainly a good thing for the masses. What all I could do to help her was to provide her family with some money and eatables. A small contribution with some motivation and a call once in 2 days I believe will not improve her state completely but would certainly provide her with the power to deal with it.  Not only Mala and her family, but there are also millions of people who are in the exact same condition. There are countless Mala in our country who are panicking, enduring and suffering each night with no food in their stomachs. Imagine an exact same situation for yourselves, it would without fail be the hardest situation. This is the impact a virus can create. For sure this article can be of endless pages owing to the fact that there are more stories to ', 'to this and each story is\npainful that the other.', 'Labor Chowk in Noida has numerous stories of people conveying their problems and asking for help. This Chowk is in the main know for men looking for work. Quite a few men gather there each morning to get some work in order to feed their families with at least a roti but this virus even snatched that from their plates. A very known movie in our Indian cinemas is “Coolie” that says these laborers should get their pay till their sweat dries up. These people anyhow need money each day to feed their families but after these uncontrollable situations they at times are forced to eat filth and muck and this sickness might not kill these people but hunger and stained water definitely will. These stories will never end because it’s all meant to happen but I hope this situation does in order to provide some relief to them.', 'Also how one would imagine that the movie “Six feet’s apart” would be acted in reality. The solutions related to this pandemic came swiftly and rapidly with the help and support of your doctors and nurses who all were serving us and the sufferers round-the-clock. Solutions like washing your hands for at least 20 seconds correctly, covering your mouth with a face mask and majorly avoiding unnecessary wandering on the streets and keeping yourself away from unhygienic people were asked to follow. The efforts of our doctors, nurses, government officials made me realize that my passion should not be above these notices and announcements but should move hand in hand with it. ', 'Right at this moment we all are moving with these circumstances and nobody knows what might happen in the future but one thing is of sure that nobody can ever forget this situation and indeed me as it had the ability to knock down my event that day. Many lessons were learned by all the world in these days some being that never ever take anything for granted because if that thing or that person leaves then life tends to become like a rock. Appreciate, admire and cherish whatever you have because you never know when it might leave you, ask from them who have just lost someone from this Corona Virus. Moments to live happily in this world are very few spend it with someone who makes you feel loved. Each day sun rises with a new hope to make a habit to feel the warmth and wish for a healthy life for yourself, your family and this world. Together we all are fighting this virus with unity.', ' ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:02 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy-2/>
{'title': 'Impact of coronavirus on the Indian economy', 'cont': ['Nathan Wolfe', ' once said “There\nare commonalities among all the pandemics that occur and what we can learn from\nthem. One commonality is that it comes from animals and the other one is that\nwe wait too long.”', 'In the year 1720\nplague, in the year 1820 cholera outbreak and the most recent pandemic was the\nSpanish flu of 1920. The researchers said that all of these pandemics above\nhave exactly the same pattern as the coronavirus outbreak. However, the\nprecision with which these pandemics occur at exactly 100 years of age makes us\nthink better about this topic.\xa0', 'Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is one such infectious disease that has been declared a global pandemic by WHO. Most people infected with the COVID-19 virus experience mild to moderate illness and recover without requiring special treatment.\xa0 Older people, and those with underlying medical problems like cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer are more likely to develop serious illnesses. The best way to prevent and slow down transmission is to be well informed about the COVID-19 virus, the disease it causes and how it spreads. People can protect themselves and others from infection by washing their hands or using an alcohol-based sanitizer frequently and by not touching their face.\xa0', 'The COVID-19 virus spreads primarily through\ndroplets of saliva or discharge from the nose when an infected person coughs or\nsneezes, so it’s important that you also practice respiratory etiquettes (for\nexample, by coughing into a flexed elbow, etc). At this time, there are no\nspecific vaccines or treatments for COVID-19. However, there are many ongoing\nclinical trials evaluating potential treatments.', 'The first case of this pandemic in India was\nreported on January 30', ',2020. After which it has increased\nsubstantially around the country to such an extent that the Indian Prime\nMinister announced a 21-day lockdown around the country.', 'Rating agencies, both global and domestic, are unanimous that the COVID-19 pandemic will be an economic tsunami for India. Even though the country may not slip into a recession, unlike the Eurozone, the US, or Asia-Pacific that have stronger trade ties to China, analysts believe the impact on India’s GDP growth will be significant. The fallout of the move will spill over to the financial year 2021, which begins on April 1. ', 'Moody’s Investors Service, on March 27, sharply slashed its projection for India’s GDP growth in the calendar year 2020 from 5.3% to 2.5%. The markdown was the second in 10 days and came after prime minister Narendra Modi announced the 21-day lockdown. In its Global Macro Outlook 2020-21, Moody’s cited severe liquidity constraints in India’s banking and non-banking sectors as a hindrance to growth. The agency’s forecast for the global economy was even more stark—a contraction of 0.5% in the ongoing financial year.', '“Lower business volumes and occupancies, and\nsub-optimal efficiencies will impact the profitability of companies. While some\naffected companies may initiate cost-curtailment measures, these may not be\nenough given their high fixed costs. That could impair their credit files,”\nsays Subodh Rai, senior director, CRISIL.', '\xa0Neeraj Kumar, a migrant worker, decided to\nflee. He and his family joined a throng of people leaving the city soon after the\nlockdown announcement was made. Public transport systems were stopped, leaving\npeople with no choice but to walk. Mr. Kumar, his wife, and their 10-year-old\ndaughter had already walked more than 40km (24 miles) when we spoke to him.\n“There is no work here, that is why we are running away. There are no\nbuses, I have to walk another 260km to get to my village,” he said.', 'The situation of workers following the lockdown is no better. Mohammad Alam is one of the thousands of workers standing in a food queue in India’s capital, Delhi.', 'The\nfactory where he worked has shut down after Prime Minister Narendra Modi\nannounced a 21-day lockdown to stop the spread of coronavirus.', 'A daily-wage laborer, he has no other source of income, so he has been forced to come to a government center for food. “I don’t know how I will survive; I will have to borrow to feed my family,” he says.', 'India has announced a $23bn (£18bn) relief package\xa0to help people like Mr. Alam and Mr. Kumar who are part of India’s unorganized, informal industry that employs 94% of the population and contributes 45% to its overall output. This industry is already bearing the brunt of the lockdown with thousands of finding themselves unemployed overnight. “No-one will be allowed to go hungry,” Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said while announcing the package – a combination of direct cash transfer benefits and food security measures.', 'But the economic fallout of this unprecedented lockdown has been dire. Businesses have closed, unemployment has risen and productivity has fallen. India’s growth engine was actually sputtering well before the threat of the outbreak arrived. Once one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, its growth slowed to 4.7% last year – the lowest level in six years.', 'Unemployment was at a 45-year high last year. The industrial output from the eight-core sectors at the end of last year fell by 5.2% – the worst in 14 years. Small businesses had only just begun to recover from the controversial 2016 currency ban that came as a body blow to the cash-consuming informal economy. Now, experts say the coronavirus outbreak is likely to further cripple the already frail economy.', 'There is little finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman and RBI governor Shatikanta Das can do if COVID-19 forces a virtual lockdown of commercial hubs in India, like it had done in China and has in Italy. Lights out in Mumbai and Delhi alone, the nerve centers of India, will cause great damage to the Indian economy. Indeed, COVID-19 can be a massive blow to the slowing Indian economy, particularly small business, the SME sector which had recently shown improvement since demonetization took place.', 'This is a war-like situation for the Indian economy as the malls and theatres are empty. Schools are shut for contingencies and some states have even announced a complete shutdown of all services. So while most welcome the government’s measures, they feel much more is needed to be done to minimize the economic impact. “While free extra rations have been sanctioned, how will the poor access what is due to them?” wonders economist Arun Kumar.', '“The government should\ndevise a way of using the army and state machinery to physically distribute\nfood to the poor.” With thousands of migrant workers stuck miles away from\ntheir homes, the seamless distribution of cash and food needs to be the\ngovernment’s top priority, he adds. And it’s not just migrant workers at risk.\nFarmers are also vulnerable to a potential economic shock from the lockdown –\nthe agriculture industry contributes nearly $265bn to GDP. The\ngovernment says it will give farmers 2,000 rupees ($30) in April as an advance\npayment from an $80 annual pay-out to tide over the situation.', '“This money will be inadequate because exports have stopped. Prices\nin cities will rise because of profiteering and in rural areas they will drop\nbecause farmers won’t be able to sell their crop,” says economist Arun\nKumar. The outbreak has happened at a critical farming time – the new crop is\nready, waiting to be sold. ', 'Economists warn India’s challenge will be in transporting this food from\nvillages to cities in the midst of the lockdown. If supply chains don’t work\nproperly, a lot of food will be wasted and lead to massive losses for Indian\nfarmers. Experts warn that India is also at the brink of a major unemployment\ncrisis. Economist Vivek Kaul says people who work for small businesses may end\nup with job and salary losses. “I know of places where companies are\nactively discussing how many people they need to fire,” he says and that’s\nnot all. ', 'While no sector is immune to COVID-19 disruption, some are more vulnerable. The tourism industry will see greater disruptions. The World Travel and Tourism Council calculated that tourism generated 9.2% of the GDP and supported 42.673 million jobs. Tourism dependent states like Kerala, Karnataka earn huge forex but if the disease continues many operators will be forced to go out of the business.', 'In the exports industry While the gloom and doom surrounding COVID-19 are palpable, the crisis might also throw up some great opportunities for India. There are already reports of several Western manufacturers looking at moving their factories out of China. Many Indian chemical producers have gone on record at having received inquiries from Western manufacturers who earlier never used to look towards India as a source. Tapping these opportunities, however, will require some serious innovation on the policy front. Indian policymakers need to hunker down and plan economic assistance that will not only help India’s export sector survive the immediate crisis but also retain stability and resume growth in the medium to long-term.', 'With flights suspended until mid-April, the shutdown is also\nbound to push India’s fast-growing aviation industry into peril. The Centre for\nAsia Pacific Aviation (CAPA) has assessed that the Indian aviation industry\nwill post losses worth nearly $4bn this year. This will likely have a cascading\neffect, affecting the hospitality and tourism industries. Hotels and restaurant\nchains across the country are empty and are likely to remain so for several\nmonths, sparking worries of large-scale layoffs. The automobile industry, a key\nindicator of a country’s economic growth, has also been forced to hit the\nbrakes – experts are estimating losses of nearly $2bn.', 'Experts say it’s a drop in the ocean compared to bailouts in countries such as the US, China and Singapore The stimulus package constituting about 0.8 percent of FY20 GDP, is not at par to address the urgent needs of smaller businesses. Experts say that India definitely needs a larger stimulus package soon to help businesses this extraordinary crisis.', 'Desperate times call for desperate measures. India has done well in containing this dangerous virus but should act swiftly and decisively, to protect its economy. Clearly there is a need for greater fiscal-monetary coordination to ensure an optimal policy response.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-on-the-global-economy-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-on-the-global-economy-2/>
{'title': 'Global Economy effected by Coronavirus', 'cont': ['Coronavirus disease\xa0 (COVID-19)\xa0 is an infectious disease caused by a\xa0 newly discovered coronavirus.', 'Most people infected with this COVID-19 virus will experience mild to moderate respiratory disease and recover without\xa0requiring\xa0special\xa0treatment. Older\xa0age people and those with underlying medical\xa0problems\xa0like\xa0cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer are more likely to develop serious illness.', 'The best way to prevent and slow down transmission is\xa0well informed about the COVID-19\xa0 virus,\xa0 the disease it causes and how it spreads.\xa0 Protect yourself\xa0and others from\xa0infection by\xa0washing\xa0your\xa0hands\xa0or\xa0using\xa0an alcohol-based\xa0rub frequently and not touching your face.', 'The\xa0 COVID-19\xa0 virus spreads\xa0primarily through droplets of saliva or discharges from the nose when an infected person suffering from coughs or sneezes, so it is important that you also practice respiratory etiquette\xa0 (for example,\xa0 by coughing into a flexed elbow).', 'At this time, there are no specific vaccines or treatments for this virus. However, there are many ongoing clinical trials calculating potential treatments. Which will continue to provide regular basis information as soon as clinical findings become available', 'The emergence of COVID-19 is a tragic public-health emergency. The disease, one hopes, will be brought under control quickly, but the International Monetary Fund is already warning that economic growth in\xa0 China may slow.\xa0 As we watch the situation unfold, three broader risks to the global economy are also becoming more apparent and clear.', 'The first risk is obviously in China itself. While the precise\norigins of the disease remain unclear, it is hard to take a definite view on\nwhether outbreaks of this kind could be avoided – for example, by better\ncontrol over hygiene in food markets. But it is painfully obvious that a lack\nof transparency in China has contributed to fear and even signs of panic around\nthe world.', 'As financial markets go down in 2007-2008, when the precise incidence of big risks is not well understood, people tend to assume the worse. Rapidly falling asset prices may not contain much information–except that there is not much information to be had.', 'The Chinese\nauthorities surely do not have all the answers at this point, but their\ninclination to suppress data and interpretation is tremendously unhelpful.', 'Second, the lack of American leadership is more painfully apparent every day. The United States has the strongest medical-health system and facilities in the world, with the capacity for research and development\xa0 (government and private)\xa0 that is second to none.\xa0 Yet\xa0 President\xa0 Donald\xa0 Trump’s administration seems to be concerned primarily with playing down the risks while keeping the virus out of the United States of America – a nearly impossible task.', 'The private\xa0sector\xa0is\xa0working\xa0hard\xa0on a\xa0 vaccine,\xa0 and\xa0this is\xa0commendable. Unfortunately,\xa0 over a\xa0 longer period of time,\xa0 the lack of a\xa0 consistent market for such vaccines has undermined investment in this sector. By creating the world’s largest market for many drugs, the US effectively supports research across a wide range of ailments – but only those for which there is large and steady demand in the US.', 'Even the most fervent believer in\xa0 Trump’s\xa0 “America\xa0 First”\xa0 must be willing to concede that it is not in America’s interest for the rest of the world to become sick. These are US allies, friends, and customers. Also, like it or not, few diseases will stop at\xa0 America’s borders.\xa0 Indeed,\xa0 the\xa0 US\xa0 Centers for\xa0 Disease\xa0 Control and Prevention (CDC) has said that the question is not if, but rather when, COVID-19 spreads domestically.', 'The third risk is in emerging markets and developing countries. Poorer countries are ill-equipped to deal with this kind of disease,\xa0 as seen in\xa0 African countries’ refusal to airlift their citizens from China.', 'The news that\xa0the\xa0coronavirus\xa0has reached\xa0 Italy has\xa0shaken world financial markets,\xa0 but\xa0 Italy is a\xa0 relatively well-organized and rich country. A\xa0vibrant democracy ensures that people will quickly understand if containment and treatment measures are working.', 'We should be much more concerned about other countries,\xa0where nutrition is worse, housing standards are weak, and disease transmission can occur much more readily. If these countries’ health systems come under pressure, the US, Europe, and others should step up quickly with technical assistance and essential supplies. But here, too, there is so far a worrying lack of leadership.', 'It seems unlikely that this disease will prove to be as deadly as some of those that our ancestors experienced. Medical practice and public health have advanced a great deal.\xa0The\xa0 CDC\xa0 is an outstanding organization,\xa0 and the\xa0 World\xa0 Health Organization has a\xa0 strong track record when the chips are down.\xa0Private-sector groups of dedicated doctors and nurses have performed extraordinarily well under the most difficult circumstances, such as dealing with Ebola, when they are given a chance. We are fortunate to live in an age that has so many heroic people.', 'Still, this coronavirus is a warning. Societies neglect access\nto health-care systems and reduce investments in Research and development at\ngreat peril. Diseases are always evolving, and we must continually increase our\ncapacity to understand and fight newly emerging threats.', 'The best way forward is by strengthening science,\xa0training more scientists,\xa0and building more labs. Countries that are able to do this like the US should share ideas and knowledge as widely as possible.', 'Investing more in science is an appealing economic proposition. Given very high rates\xa0 of\xa0 social\xa0 return,\xa0basic\xa0 research\xa0 across a\xa0wide\xa0range\xa0of\xa0 activities\xa0more\xa0 than pays for itself', 'But this is not about economics. More likely than not, one day a scientist will save your life or the life of a loved one because his or her previous work produced a drug, treatment, or just an idea that made a critical difference. We should invest in scientists to save ourselves and our neighbors. Also, we must remember that we have neighbors all over our deeply interconnected world.', 'Big shifts in stock markets,\xa0 where shares in companies are bought and sold,\xa0 can affect many investments in pensions or individual savings accounts (ISAs).', 'The\nFTSE, Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nikkei have all seen huge falls\nsince the outbreak began on 31 December.', 'The Dow and the FTSE recently saw their biggest one-day declines since 1987.', 'Investors\nfear the spread of the coronavirus will destroy economic growth and that\ngovernment action may not be enough to stop the decline.', 'In\nresponse, central banks in many countries, including the United Kingdom, have\nslashed interest rates.', 'That should, in theory, make borrowing cheaper and\nencourage spending to boost the economy.', 'Global\nmarkets did also recover some ground after the US Senate passed a $2 trillion\n(£1.7tn) coronavirus aid bill to help workers and businesses.', 'But\nsome analysts have warned that they could be volatile until the pandemic is\ncontained.', 'India faces a\xa0sharp decline in government revenues and economic growth for at least two quarters as the ', ' sentiment impacts privatization plans,\xa0 government and industry sources said.', 'Officially, the government is still sticking to the target of achieving 6-6.5% in the next financial year beginning\xa0 April,\xa0while hoping that a\xa0 fall in crude oil prices could help it garner more revenue and contain a\xa0 fall in revenue from other sectors but economists and bankers are turning increasingly downbeat about India’s economic prospects, especially as the government is betting on filling its coffers through ill-timed asset sales. We are going to miss the revised revenue targets for the current fiscal year, and will have to lower next year’s targets as well,” said a senior government official with direct knowledge of budget estimates.', 'He said receipts from much-delayed privatization of\xa0 India’s second-biggest oil refiner, Bharat Petroleum Corp, could be lower by at least $2 billion against initial estimates. The company’s share prices have fallen by over 27% since January while the broader\xa0 NSE\xa0 Nifty\xa050 index has fallen by nearly\xa0 20%\xa0 following a\xa0 panic in global markets.', 'On\nWednesday, the government suspended almost all visas to the country till April', '15\xa0 to prevent the spread of coronavirus as cases across the region continue to rise. Total cases in the country rose to\xa073\xa0on\xa0Thursday,\xa0according to the government. Another senior finance ministry official said some of the proposed share-shale plans in companies like\xa0Coal\xa0 India,\xa0Steel Authority of\xa0 India\xa0 Ltd (SAIL), NMDC and IRCON have been deferred. The government now expects to raise about Rs 50,000 crore ($6.75 billion) against the downwardly revised target of Rs', '65,000\xa0 crore for the ongoing financial year ending in\xa0 March,\xa0the official said. Another senior official in the tax department said receipts have been hit due to a fall in consumer demand as reflected in the lower sales of autos, passenger traffic, hotel bookings, and retail sales.', 'Tour\xa0 operators\xa0 estimate\xa0 January-March\xa0 quarter earnings\xa0could\xa0 fall\xa0 by\xa0 more\xa0 than', '60%\xa0 from a\xa0 year ago as hundreds of thousands of tourists cancel travel,\xa0 hitting hotels,\xa0 airlines and tax collection for the federal and state governments. India attracts nearly one million foreign tourists a month, and the travel restrictions could impact for the next few months. The situation in India was still far better compared to some other countries hit by a global pandemic, Sarkar said.', 'India annually earns nearly\xa0 $30\xa0 billion from foreign tourist arrivals,\xa0 and the industry is worried that a global spread of the virus will harm already weakened economic growth.', 'As this situation will take time to recover and economy not only of India but globally is in a recession it up to government how they come up with their measure.', 'If we look at recent action of US\xa0FED and other countries step it took a thought that this pressure is deeper than it looks like and this situation is very different than that happen in 2008 crisis or that in 1998 as that time none of the factories are closed but this time work has been stoped and more importantly economy from past 1 year is facing slow down in many sectors so this will impact small companies badly.', 'But if we think in another way there will be a shift in a lot of pattern like people will now go for short term investment in the stock market due to uncertainty of life, Insurance stocks will be benefited, logistics & distribution network will totally change as factories will now try to procure material from nearest location and there will be an increase in the personal saving of people because of which automakers and real estate sector may be hit hard.', 'If we estimate, it will take around 1 year to get back in a track from now and all this will happen if the government and central bank continuously come up with relief measure \xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy-3/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy-3/>
{'title': 'Impact of COVID-19 (Coronavirus) on the Indian Economy', 'cont': ['From the economic point of\nview, India is confronted today with perhaps its greatest emergency since independence. The global financial\ncrisis in 2008-09 was a gigantic demand shock, but our workers could still get-up-and-go to work, our firms were coming off years of steady growth, our financial system was largely sound, and our government finances were blooming. None of this is true today as\nwe fight the\ncoronavirus pandemic. Yet\nthere is also no reason to\ndespair. With the right undertakings and\npriorities, and drawing on India’s many sources of strength, it can kill this virus back, and even set the stage for a much more hopeful tomorrow.', 'The rampant spread of COVID-19 outbreak, across borders and geographies, has severely impacted almost the whole world and triggered significant downside risks to the overall global economic outlook. Steps taken to contain its spread, such as the nationwide lockdown announced by the Indian Government, have brought economic activity to a near – standstill with impacts on both consumption and investment. India’s real GDP growth decelerated to its lowest in over 6 years in ', ' and the outbreak of COVID – 19 posted fresh challenges. For most businesses, the slowdown could be in the form of supply disruptions, fall in consumption demand, and stress on the banking and financial sectors. In sum the three major contributors to GDP will all get affected i.e. ', ' and ', ': Showing quarterly growth in GDP (in %). ', ': MoSPI', 'Assessing the exact impact for India is hard\nwith uncertainty on how long the pandemic would last. ', ':', '\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 ', ': Showing an optimistic situation', ' Deloitte', ': Showing an optimistic scenario with a severe and extended impact of COVID-19. ', ': Deloitte', 'In scenario 2, inflation picks up in H2 FY\n2021 as demand revives faster than supply. Inflation may increase above the\ntarget range (4 percent) for a short time in FY 2021 because of economic\noverheating. In this scenario, inflation remains 3-4 percent during this period\ndespite weak demand because of a sharper fall in production.', 'Showing pessimistic situation, with a\nprolonged severe downturn. ', ': Deloitte.', '\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\n', ': Showing supply\nchain disruptions.', ': The Economic\nTimes.', 'India has already undertaken the following\nmeasures to counter the impact from of the pandemic:', 'The crisis is a story with an uncertain ending. However, what is clear that the COVID-19 has introduced new challenges to the business environment which called for a measured, practical and informed approach from political and business leaders. A company needs to think and act across five horizons:', ': Showing the\ncrisis as a lesson to businessmen in assessing risk to their business', ': The Economic Times ', 'Collectively, these ', ' epitomize the inescapable of our time: the battle\nagainst COVID-19 is one that leaders today must win in order to find an economically\nand socially feasible path to the next normal.', 'The government should consider certain measures in order to manage the pandemic. The following steps and the recognition of the likely scenarios for the Indian economy can enable policymakers to identify appropriate countermeasures to stem the spread of the pandemic:', 'Therefore, the question remains whether the stimulus is enough or not – ', ' Would it be able to help the economy absorb the shock of the lockdown? Compared to what the USA (2 trillion USD), Germany (610 billion USD), UK (424 billion USD), France (335 billion USD), Spain (218 billion USD), China (78.8 billion USD) and Italy (27.3 billion USD), the spending by India (1, 70,000 crore – 22.5 billion USD) may prima facie appear to be insufficient. However, such a comparison is not easy and straightforward because a lot of factors are to be taken into account. In addition, the important factor that needs to be considered is whether at this point in time the country is able to spend more than this or not. Against a revised budget estimate of Rs. 21,63,000 crore for 2019-20 towards Tax collections, the collection as on 31st\xa0Dec 2019 was to the tune of Rs. 13,83,000 crore only with a clearly huge shortfall. In addition, a substantial amount would also have to be spent now to tackle the pandemic which is of utmost priority. On top of it, huge additional spending would jeopardize the fiscal deficit discipline although, at times of emergency, fiscal deficit should not be a matter of concern at all.', '\xa0It would also have to be seen how long this virus continues to affect India and going by the hygiene standard and herd mentality that we have, the virus continues to affect us beyond 3 months and extends to 6-8 months, quite obviously these packages would be grossly insufficient and more money will have to be pumped into the economy. If the need arises, currency notes will have to be printed and circulated and concerns about higher fiscal deficit should be simply pushed to the backseat. The corporate sector and a section of large-hearted people have also come forward at this time of distress to support the government initiatives in fighting this menace which should provide some financial comfort to the Government.', 'The pandemic has appeared from nowhere as a ', ' which is already under stress and India is no exception. There is no second opinion that this pandemic has hit the world very hard and would continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Whether India can emerge from the medical pandemic as well as the economic pandemic relatively unscathed remains to be seen. We will have to take care of our lives as well as the livelihoods of our citizens. As Indians, we hope, we shall overcome. \xa0Together we can do this and we will.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/should-celebrities-be-allowed-to-join-politics/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:03 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/should-celebrities-be-allowed-to-join-politics/>
{'title': 'Should celebrities be allowed to join politics?', 'cont': ['In today’s day and age of hyper-connectivity, celebrities – dubbed by Fraser and Brown (2002) as people who are famous for being famous and may or may not always serve others sacrificially – live in glass houses that are open to the prying eyes of the public. Notification bars are ever abuzz with news about when these celebrities wake up, what they wear to the gym, what they eat, and where they go on their vacations. In the idealized and idolized eyes with which society views celebrities, this unceasing visibility gives them an all-pervasive influence. The dominance of celebrities in swaying opinions of their acolyte is well-established – from', ' and pixel mediums, brand endorsements, and integrations, the evidence of exploiting celebrity influence is vast. However, today more than ever before, this influence is creeping away from the world of consumerism and into governance, policy, and politics. With an increasing number of public figures overtly taking strong and stronger political stances, making moves charged with a political motive, and eventually entering the sphere of legislature and bureaucracy, the scope of having a public influence has come to mean much more than it used to, thereby begging the question – how well-placed are personage in the world of politics? Should celebrities be allowed to join politics?', 'The interplay between the seemingly contrasting worlds of celebrities and policy-makers have come into increasing contact, in India and the rest of the world-leading pop-music artists back presidential candidates, internationally acclaimed actors attempt international diplomacy, films are claimed to be vehicles of political messaging, Prime Ministerial banquets engage celluloid stars, and so on. The ‘influence’ that stars exert on the world of politics seems to encapsulate an entire spectrum of involvement – at the zenith of which are the celebrities who actually set foot into parliamentary assemblies and councils, to represent the public that they once only influenced.', 'Although the phenomenon of the seeping of public influence into public policy has stretched through much of the 20', ' century, Choi and Berger (2001) suggest that the celebrity-politics connect continues to strengthen, much more than it did a few decades ago, as we trudge further into the century. Of the myriad causalities that underlie this circumstance, the global internet, where fame isn’t restricted to the confines of tangible achievement has been theorized to be a significant driver. In her 2009 book, Hyde labels this spectacle as a ‘mission creep’, where the enterprise of celebrities is expanding beyond its primary goals.', 'A prodigious public following seems to be the parallel between the worlds of politics and personage, which paves ', ' to cross over to politics. Celebrities seem to be able to transition into politics with a certain grace, having already learned to live in the public’s eye, and established themselves, allowing the carry-over of their already-known traits as celebrities into their role as policy-makers. The visibility that autochthonous politicians work years to nurture, celebrities already have as they descend into the political sphere. In one of the best-known instances of a celebrity transitioning into politics, Ronald Reagan walked away from Hollywood and into the White House, carrying with him his trademark charismatic on-screen personality that spilled over into his politics. Initially serving as the governor of California for 15 years in the late 1960s, Reagan served two terms at the Oval Office. The voters knew who Ronald was – those who closely followed the trends of the red and blue – but also those who did not, giving Reagan the edge that propelled him towards success. On the other side of the globe, India saw much the same trend as an on-screen persona aiding the creation of an off-screen political career. Ramanand Sagar’s television series ‘Ramayan’, based on the Hindu mythological epic, was revolutionary in the pious Indian society of the 1980s when television shows were still novel. It has been recounted on many an occasion that audiences would often offer their prayers to the television screen, every time Arun Govil, who portrayed the deity ‘Ram’ made an appearance on screen. Having garnered a devout, dutiful fan following, Govil, and his other co-actors from the show turned to the world of politics, where their godly association in the public’s eyes helped them make a mark. Even the Philippines has shown ample evidence of celebrities time and again swooping in to claim political victory with their stardom and popularity, that their opponents lack.', 'Very often, the sentiment of anti-incumbency seems to be the golden ticket that lets celebrity politicians snatch political power from consummate politicians. Indeed, various political theorists suggest that anti-incumbency happens to be amongst the more effective strategies to secure vote banks. Until 31', ' December 2018, Ukrainian actor, screenwriter, and director Volodymyr Zelensky only played the lead in a sitcom that tells the story of a schoolteacher who accidentally becomes the president. It was that winter that Zelensky claimed that he was contesting the presidential elections to “change the mood and timbre of the political establishment” and to “bring professional, decent people to power”. Zelensky took the premise of his wildly popular show from the reel to the real, as he crushed rival, a seasoned politician, and incumbent Poroshenko in a landslide victory. Has Zelensky proved a better representative of his people than his predecessor? Time is yet to deliver its verdict. But the gushes that he invoked in the people of Ukraine, and his plea to oust ‘the ruling class’ played their role in assuring Zelensky 73% of the plebiscite. In the early 2010s in India, similar anti-incumbent sentimentalities were played into by the many celebrities including musician Vishal Dadlani, hockey legend Dhanraj Pillay, singer Jaspinder Narula, and others – all of whom joined hands with Arvind Kejriwal’s\xa0 ‘Aam Aadmi’ movement that aimed to rid the existing political system of its ills.', 'And so, innumerable celebrities across countries and cultures claim the throne. In fact, a Wikipedia page that maintains an inventory of actor-politician spanning the atlas claims that it ‘may never be able to satisfy particular standards for completeness’ – depicting the sheer number of celebrities who reroute to politics. This begets questioning the congruence of the world of personage and that of politics.\xa0', 'In a research article published in 1995, Meyer and Gamson articulated the possibility of celebrities choosing to politically address only broadly acceptable social causes because they understand their power rests with staying popular, thereby failing to make any appreciable difference. This seems to ring true with some celebrity politicians in India, especially ones who are nominated to the Upper House of the Parliament but fail abysmally to leave a mark. One of many such representatives is Gautam Gambhir, a cricketer-turned-politician who has mostly been shunned for his abject performance in the parliament. Hema Malini, another popular actress who turned to politics, came under heavy criticism when her claim to be a protector of women’s rights wasn’t backed by an effort to fulfill her promises. Owing to such instances, research findings such as those by Nisbett and DeWalt (2016) find that the public often questions the intentions of the celebrities who venture into politics. It may also seem that in entering politics and failing to deliver, celebrity politicians often deprive grass-root political workers of the chance to enter the mainstream of politics.', 'However, there is ample evidence from around the globe that goes to prove that celebrities can, in fact, make their mark in the world of governance, independent of their primary identities. Take the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, for instance, where the political ethos has been consistently overshadowed by celebrities from the world of showbiz, for at least the last 40 years.', ' from the Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation, Tamil Nadu is amongst the top-performing states in the country, having the second-highest GDP. Most celebrities in Tamil Nadu who approached politics have exhibited extraordinary political will and caliber. The late actor-politician J. Jayalalithaa, or ‘Amma’, ran successful terms as chief minister and is still considered a mother figure by hordes of her followers. Another stalwart in the landscape of Tamil Nadu, Dr. MG Ramachandran, continues to be celebrated as one of the most influential chief ministers and is lauded for his large-scale reforms. In being the forerunner of some of the changes that propelled the state towards progress, including easing caste tensions and other communal violence, ‘MGR’ as he is better known, is remembered as much for his governance as he is for his innings on screen.', 'More often than not, celebrity engagement in politics has been used to woo voters from the younger strata of the population. Empirical studies such as the one by Austin, Vord, Pinkleton, and Epstein (2008), have conclusively shown to enhance political engagement by younger voters.\xa0 Along similar lines, Jackson (2008) found that young people are more likely to agree with political positions that are endorsed by politicians. In fact, many modern political theorists are of the belief that the involvement of celebrities in politics allows for otherwise uninvolved or apathetic veins of the demographic, to be active participants in democracy. Hillary Clinton aimed to do just that when she got the Billboard-topping artists Beyonce and Jay-Z to take center-stage at her rally in Cleveland, in the weeks leading up to the 2016 US presidential elections – in fact, as multiple sources suggest, this rally did see a surge in millennial supporters. In such a case, it might be in the benefit of the community to have more celebrities endorse and engage in politics in order to nurture a more vibrant and engaged youth.\xa0\xa0\xa0', 'From our vantage point today, the relationship between personage and politics seems to be a central fixture in society and is here to stay. What remains to be done, however, is to ensure the symbiotic course of this relationship – to scrutinize and critique the celebrities who knock the doors of politics and to secure their promises of beneficence and non-maleficence to the public that it seeks to serve. Yet, it may seem that these are benchmarks that need to be met by any and all servants of the people – celebrity or not, but in the world that we live in, this is certainly not the case. Politicians – celebrity or not, largely happen upon the sphere of governance without a lot of experience backing them and learn to navigate the maze of politics on the job. Ultimately, like all things in democracy, the government is of the people and its representatives are of them, and for them. The eventual endorsement of its leaders – celebrity or not – can come, not from data-based analyses and elaborate critique, but from the people. Should celebrities be allowed to enter politics? The question remains unanswered. Or rather, is answered by the democratic exercise itself – with the beeps of electronic ballots election after election, when the people – the real ‘influencers’, choose.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:04 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-prepared-is-india-to-tackle-a-possible-covid-19-outbreak/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:04 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-prepared-is-india-to-tackle-a-possible-covid-19-outbreak/>
{'title': 'How prepared is India to tackle a possible COVID-19 outbreak?', 'cont': ['Frankly, no! The state of the public healthcare system, still vast, is very fragmented and cannot scale up rapidly enough to face the challenge of a pandemic such as COVID-19. The origin of public healthcare lies in the British colonial period where such facilities were provided only to British officers and their families stationed in India. From the 1960s onwards, the independent government of India stressed more upon healthcare and it led to the creation of the modern public healthcare system in India. The healthcare system is organized into primary, secondary, and tertiary levels. At the primary level are Sub Centre’s and Primary Health Centre’s (PHCs). At the secondary level there are Community Health Centre’s (CHCs) and smaller Sub-District hospitals. Finally, the top level of public care provided by the government is the tertiary level, which consists of Medical Colleges and District/General Hospitals. The number of PHCs, CHCs, Sub Centre’s, and District Hospitals has increased in the past six years, although not all of them are up to the standards set by Indian Public Health Standards. But there are still critical challenges to the existing system.', 'One of the major areas is the lack of awareness of diseases, especially communicable diseases among the general population of India. This challenge becomes more complicated at the lower strata of society, especially poor households, migrant laborers and homeless people who do not have the proper channels of communication available to get the necessary information from the health experts. Add low educational status, poor functional literacy, low accent on education within the healthcare system, and low priority for health in the population, among others and you see the magnitude of the problem. According to a recent study initiated by the faculty and students of IIT-Hyderabad and IIT-Bombay, in Tier-1 cities, it was found that about 12 percent of the respondents switched from public to private mode during the third week of COVID-19. This modal shift was about 9 percent in Tier-2 cities and about 7 percent in Tier-3 cities. Moreover, nearly 48 percent of people said that they did not travel to work during the third week of March, whereas 28 percent had the same frequency of travel to work. When inquired about the cancellation of trips between the cities using major modes of transportation, around 18 percent said they cancelled their flights whereas, 20 per cent of respondents cancelled their train journeys. This indicates that awareness about COVID-19 is higher in Tier-1 cities, in comparison with Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. But national level, state level and door-to-door campaigns along with targeted media campaigns may enable the knowledge of the pandemic to spread fast among the local populace.', 'The second challenge is access to public healthcare in India. Access (to healthcare) is defined by the Oxford dictionary as “The right or opportunity to use or benefit from (healthcare)” Physical reach is one of the basic determinants of access, defined as “ the ability to enter a healthcare facility within 5 km from the place of residence or work”. Using this definition, a study in India in 2012 found that in rural areas, only 37% of people were able to access IP facilities within a 5 km distance, and 68% were able to access out-patient facilities. Furthermore, it was postulated that in general, the more rustic (rural) one’s existence – the further one lives from towns – the greater are the odds of disease, malnourishment, weakness, and premature death.', 'The third is the planning portion related to the preparedness of the pandemic. Planning for a pandemic such as COVID-19 has never been done extensively in India as we had no recent history of such a communicable disease which spreads rapidly in crowded locations, which about a quarter of the population live in. The recent national lockdown called led to an increase in police violence who have not been sensitized how to deal in such a crisis and the humanitarian crisis facing migrant laborers, an important part of the Indian economy, who have lost their jobs and facing a lack of public transport, have to force to walk thousands of miles to reach their native villages. The ongoing slump in the economy has been further exacerbated by the pandemic and the resultant lockdown. And there have been growing complaints by healthcare professionals, who are fighting in the front of this pandemic, of lack of Protective Personal Equipment’s (PPE’s) to protect themselves and their patients from COVID-19. The lockdown has hit HIV+ and chronic patients hard who need constant medication to maintain their fragile condition. Elderly people, who are often alone and have medical conditions, have been left without essential support. Ironically, these are the same group of people who are at an immediate threat from COVID-19.', 'I am optimistically hoping, based on the ingenious and creativity of our citizens, that we tide over these tough times and fundamental changes to our healthcare system are made with this sober learning experience to prevent a repeat of what is happening today.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:04 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:04 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/how-will-covid-19-affect-the-world-of-work/>
{'title': 'How will COVID-19 affect the world of work?', 'cont': ['Every prophet of doom, unless he also happens to be a psychopath, hopes that his predictions will not be borne out. This is also true for the epidemiologists and virologists who have been warning the world since January that the novel SARS-CoV-2 virus poses a severe threat to public health around the world. The name Coronavirus itself, is vicious enough to terrify those who otherwise are fearless in the face of any ball game. Tracing back the origins of the now pandemic, we find that the coronavirus emerged in Wuhan, a city of 11 million people in China’s Hubei province, in late 2019. Cases of the disease grew by several thousand per day in China in late January and early February, the peak of the epidemic there. The number of infections appearing each day has since plummeted in China, making the outbreak a global pandemic that has engulfed over 214 countries around the globe.', 'Besides being a health crisis, the virus has already brought a major downfall in the world economy with the IMF estimating the coronavirus-induced global downturn to be ‘way worse’ than financial crisis. As the coronavirus spreads across the globe, it appears to be setting off a devastating feedback loop with another of the gravest forces of our time: economic inequality. Research suggests that those in lower economic strata are likelier to catch the disease owing to their inability to meet the rising drug prices. According to the International Labour Organization(ILO), COVID-19 will have far-reaching impacts on labor market outcomes. Beyond the urgent concerns about the health of workers and their families, the virus and the subsequent economic shocks will impact the world of work across three key dimensions.', 'Initial ILO estimates point to a significant rise in unemployment and underemployment in the wake of the virus. Based on different scenarios for the impact of COVID-19 on global GDP growth, preliminary ILO estimates indicate a rise in global unemployment of between 5.3 million (“low” scenario) and 24.7 million (“high” scenario) from a base level of 188 million in 2019. The “mid” scenario suggests an increase of 13 million (7.4 million in high-income countries). Though these estimates remain highly uncertain, all figures indicate a substantial rise in global unemployment. For comparison, the global financial crisis of 2008-9 increased unemployment by 22 million. While self-employment does not typically react to economic downturns, it acts as a “default” option for survival or maintaining income – often in the informal economy. For this reason, informal employment tends to increase during crises. However, the current limitations on the movement of people and goods may restrict this type of coping mechanism.', 'Labour supply is declining because of quarantine measures and a fall in economic activity.\xa0At this point, a preliminary estimate suggests that\xa0infected workers have already lost nearly 30,000 work months, with the consequent loss of income (for unprotected workers). Employment impacts imply large income losses for workers. Overall losses in labour income are expected in the range of between 860 and 3,440 billion USD.\xa0The loss of labour income will translate into lower consumption of goods and services, which is detrimental to the continuity of businesses and ensuring that economies are resilient. Working poverty is also likely to increase significantly.\xa0The strain on incomes resulting from the decline in economic activity will devastate workers close to or below the poverty line. The growth impacts of the virus used for the unemployment estimates above suggest an additional 8.8 million people in working poverty around the world than originally estimated (i.e. an overall decline of 5.2 million working poor in 2020 compared to a decline of 14 million estimated pre-COVID-19). Under the mid and high scenarios, there will be between 20.1 million and 35.0 million more people in working poverty than before the pre-COVID-19 estimate for 2020.', 'Who are particularly vulnerable?Epidemics and economic crises can have a disproportionate impact on certain segments of the population, which can trigger worsening inequality.\xa0Based on past experience and current information on the COVID-19 pandemic and insights from previous crises, a number of groups can be identified:', 'The extent and severity to which the coronavirus pandemic will impact the fight to end extreme poverty is still unknown, but it is expected that the crisis will devastate the world’s most vulnerable people including the world of work. The virus is already disproportionately impacting the poor in wealthy countries, where the most known cases are concentrated. Experts are urging the world to prepare to lend extra support to low-income countries to address the pandemic. COVID-19 cases are more likely to go undetected or to be under-detected in developing countries that have fewer resources available to tackle a pandemic. Countries with large poor populations including Brazil, India, Indonesia, Nigeria, and Pakistan have confirmed few cases, but have been slow to respond to the threat, according to NPR. Preventative care and health education are\xa0less accessible\xa0to low-income people who are\xa0more likely\xa0to have pre-existing conditions, catch COVID-19, and die from it. People living in poverty are also more likely to hold\xa0insecure jobs\xa0and cannot afford to stay home sick from work.', 'In times of crisis, International Labour Standards provide a strong foundation for key policy responses that focus on the crucial role of decent work in achieving a sustained and equitable recovery to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 on the world of work. These standards, adopted by representatives of governments, workers’ and employers’ organizations, provide a human-centered approach to growth and development, including by triggering policy levers that both stimulate demand and protect workers and enterprises.', 'Policy responses should focus on two immediate goals: Health protection measures and economic support on both the demand- and supply-side of the associated cause.', 'In such challenging times, many countries have come forward to protect their workers in the workplace with decisive measures to combat the spread of the disease, while ameliorating its pernicious effect on the economy and labor market across the three policy pillars: protecting workers in the workplace, stimulating the economy and labor demand, and supporting employment and income. Some of the policies include', ' While these measures will no doubt help to contain the pandemic, to respond to the emergency needs it has generated and to pave the way to a gradual recovery, it is clear that more needs to be done. Past crises and the experiences of countries, which have reacted too late in the context of the current COVID-19 crisis, show that preparedness and early action is critical.', 'The coronavirus pandemic is a test. It’s a test of medical capacity and political will. It’s a test of endurance and forbearance, for believers a test of religious faith. It’s a test, too, of a different kind of faith, in the strength of the ideas humans choose to help them form moral judgments and guide personal and social behavior. The epidemic forces everyone to confront deep questions of human existence, questions so profound that they have previously been answered, in many different ways, by the greatest philosophers. It’s a test of where all humans stand. What is right and what is wrong? What can individuals expect from society, and what can society expect of them? Should others make sacrifices for me, and vice versa? Is it just to set economic limits to fighting a deadly disease? How long will we stay that way? And as the epidemic grows worse and brings the disease within fewer degrees of separation for everyone, we may well find that the notion of loving thy neighbor as thyself becomes far more potent.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:04 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/controversy-as-a-marketing-strategy/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:04 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/controversy-as-a-marketing-strategy/>
{'title': 'Controversy as a Marketing Strategy', 'cont': ['Organizations burn a lot of resources to build one iconic image. Their brand is not just a picture, a logo, and colors; but an emotional connection with the consumer. It develops by making an impression on the consumers each time they interact with the products or services and it becomes ingrained in the consumers’ minds. Now, if it takes great efforts to build such impression, recognition, and trust, why would a firm do something controversial that could burn their own hands?', 'We see hundreds of ads a day, but only a few get noticed. Here is where a controversy comes into play. We would definitely notice something that disagrees with our thoughts or mentally disturbs us. So, such ads stand out. In controversy marketing, a firm creates a controversy which gains them attention really quick, and the word spreads widely. They believe that in order to stand out, they can’t play it safe always. A controversial campaign could be about a social issue that could divide the masses, stating political opinions, or presenting something that doesn’t associate with their image etc.', 'Key features of a well-crafted controversial campaign:', 'Advantages of controversial marketing:', '\xa0Disadvantages of controversial marketing:', 'Examples of controversial marketing strategies:', 'In the end, we can say that controversial marketing is a double-edged sword. On one side, it benefits the firm by increasing its reach to the masses, and making more people conscious about the brand; on the other, it puts the brand value itself at stake. So, it has to be carefully planned, and a backup measure should always be kept ready to reduce the impact in case it backfires.\xa0 Every such campaign should be thoroughly weighed in for the losses and benefits before execution.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-the-hospitality-industry/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus: Impact on the Hospitality Industry', 'cont': ['Before jumping on the topic I would like to give an overview of what is Coronavirus, Covid-19, how it spreads, and its symptoms.', 'Waitresses, hotel housekeepers, and casino dealers are among the more than 15 million hospitality jobs in U.S. cities at risk from restrictions being put in place to ', ' \xa0Bureau of Labor Statistics data through May 2018 covering 40 occupations critical to America’s hospitality and gaming industries.', 'Hospitality workers as a share of each metro area’s workforce (circles sized by total hospitality jobs).', 'As of 20 April 2020 at least 23 states have closed bars or restaurants, around 20 have prohibited gatherings of more than 50 people, and several have begun implementing curfews and shuttering non-essential businesses. The most extreme measures have occurred in California where a shelter-in-place directive was announced by Gov. Gavin Newsom on Thursday. The order requires 40 million California residents to remain at home except for essential activities or jobs. In addition to critical government and healthcare roles, cafes and restaurants are allowed to stay open but only for take-out or delivery, which has already led to mass layoffs.', 'Nowhere are ', ' than in the New York metro area, where one million people work in hospitality. This includes 157,000 waiters and waitresses, 40,000 bartenders, and 8,500 hotel desk clerks. On 20 April 2020, Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered all non-essential ', ' for the foreseeable future. The Los Angeles area has the second-most such workers—around 800,000—including 22,000 people who work at amusement parks and recreation facilities. This represents between 11% to 13% of these cities’ respective workforces in recent years.', 'Most Hospitality Jobs', 'There are 4.6 million hospitality workers in the top city clusters', 'The pain of an extensive and prolonged coronavirus-related shutdown will be especially felt in the nation’s tourism hotspots. Roughly one in four workers in beach destinations like Kahului, on the island of Maui in Hawaii, and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina are employed in the hospitality sector. The same goes for gambling towns like Atlantic City and Las Vegas, where the governor of Nevada recently announced a 30-day shutdown of all casinos.', 'The hospitality industry matters most in beach and gambling destinations', 'All but five of the 40 occupations in this analysis fall into broad categories that were less likely than the workforce overall to work from home on average in 2018, according to the BLS American Time Use Survey. Additionally, 17 of the roles, including restaurant wait staff and table game dealers, require at least arm’s-length contact with others, based on\xa0', 'proximity scores\xa0compiled by the O*NET database of occupational information. At a time when most major cities are urging residents to stay at home and practice social distancing, few jobs are more at risk than these.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-energy-markets/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-impact-on-energy-markets/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus impact on energy markets', 'cont': ['As the coronavirus spreads around the world and countries implement containment measures, energy supply and demand is being disrupted. The impact that country-wide lockdowns and demand slowdowns will have on energy markets will be evolving every day.', 'The recent slump in German wind capacity is likely to continue this year as complicated regulations and weakness in the global economic outlook due to the coronavirus are likely to dampen investment in the renewable technology.', 'This has the potential to restrict future additions to wind output, impacting supply and, in turn, supporting power prices.', 'Chinese natural gas demand from the industrial sector in March\xa0was down by almost 25%\xa0year on year, according to the Chongqing Gas and Petroleum Exchange released over Easter, as the impact of the coronavirus continued to weigh on consumption.', 'A growing number of British energy suppliers could be at risk of colllapsing\xa0through reduced energy offtake and cash-flow constraints amid the coronavirus pandemic, according to industry sources polled by ICIS.', 'Power consumption\xa0continued to soften\xa0across key European demand centres through March and the first week of April, while less stringent measures and colder weather has sheltered other parts of Europe.', 'While the coronavirus outbreak is already having a significant impact on the European renewables sector, one unintended consequence of the pandemic is likely to be the\xa0achievement of EU and member state binding renewable energy targets for 2020. This is due to the consequences of a prolonged downturn in demand, which will not be normalised for by the EU’s official statistics office (Eurostat), meaning that renewables look set to make up a higher share of consumption in 2020 across the EU.', 'Spanish power prices across the curve are expected to maintain a bearish trajectory\xa0throughout the nationwide coronavirus lockdown\xa0period which was recently extended until 26 April, with further extensions possible.', 'Nevertheless, forecasts for below-average wind generation would support Spanish spot prices,\xa0allowing France to continue exporting power to Spain. This in turn should keep Spanish near-curve contracts at a premium to their French equivalents.', 'Market sources have indicated the coronavirus has reduced\xa0demand for truck-loaded LNG\xa0around Europe, as countries have implemented lockdown measures and low oil prices have made gas less competitive as a transport fuel.', 'Data from terminals in northwest Europe shows the impact has not been as significant as originally thought.', 'Electricity consumption has leveled out\xa0in Germany, France and Italy, after falling for several weeks due to restrictions aimed at stemming the spread of the coronavirus.', 'But in Great Britain and Spain, demand has continued to drop week on week in recent days, according to an ICIS model that controls for the impact of temperature across Europe’s five largest consumers of electricity.', 'In order to assess\xa0the fundamental impact of COVID-19 on European power and carbon markets we modelled a scenario in which we accounted for the first data on dropping electricity demand as well as assumed industry production cuts and continued travel restrictions.', 'India buyers are deferring LNG cargoes\xa0as ports close operations with strict lockdowns in place. This is a concern for sellers in a long market with India one of the key buyers.', 'The combination of Brexit and lower demand associated with the coronavirus pandemic should enable the EU as a whole as well as many member states to\xa0reach their 2020 renewable targets, according to ICIS model run.', 'European power demand will continue to drop\xa0as governments escalate measures to stem the spread of the coronavirus.', 'Electricity consumption in Italy and France fell 16% below expectations over the past seven days, according to an ICIS model that controls for the impact of temperatures.', 'Three other major power markets studied by ICIS – Germany, Spain and the UK – have seen smaller drops, although all are trending down.', '• Power demand drop likely', '• ICIS model indicates 6% drop in demand during 2020', '• Price fall of 9% across Europe', 'A scenario where power demand drops one-tenth through up to June as a result of measures taken to slow the spread of the coronavirus would see power prices\xa0across European markets\xa0fall by an average 9% in 2020.', '• Temperatures across NW Europe to tumble in week 14', '• British local distribution zone demand to increase', '• EAX-NBP premium gaining', 'Incoming cooler weather across Britain for week 14 could encourage buying across\xa0NBP prompt and near curve contracts\xa0in the coming sessions. The drop in temperatures will likely trigger a spike in heating demand which has also increased due to large numbers of people working from home to curb the spread of the coronavirus.', 'Eastern European and Turkish energy companies are\xa0braced for sharp drops in demand and potential bankruptcies\xa0as countries introduce emergency measures in a bid to contain the coronavirus outbreak.', 'Although the spread of the virus is not as extensive in this region as in Italy or Spain, the impact of the emergency measures that have been taken is likely to be felt acutely because national economies are fragile.', 'Power sector demand across key European countries is\xa0set for a major slump\xa0over the coming weeks as countries scale-up their efforts to tackle the spread of the coronavirus.', 'Demand in Italy, which has been hit the hardest by the outbreak, has dropped 10% compared to its five-year average for March during the second week of its nationwide lockdown.', 'As measures to tackle the spread of the virus intensifies across other European countries, a similar drop in demand can be expected, although changes are unlikely to be uniform.', 'The impact of the coronavirus in China has reduced but gas demand will still end March well down from 2019.\xa0City-gate gas demand has been firm\xa0but the outlook for other sectors remains a concern.', '• EU-wide demand\xa0crunch could follow\xa0after lockdowns intensify', '• Residential demand to see brief increase before falling on warmer temperatures', '• LNG sellers could struggle to deliver into Europe', 'Mexico’s economy has perhaps\xa0never been more exposed\xa0to the global supply chains and commodity markets hit by the shocks of the coronavirus and the oil price war, but its president is losing time engaging in denial and political pandering. These will not help his party’s 2021 election prospects if the country’s economic performance falls further as its currency takes a beating amid capital flight.', 'Emissions of nitrogen dioxide are on the rise in China. This is an indication that economic activity is rising as\xa0businesses and industry ramp up activity\xa0with the coronavirus impact subsiding.', 'Spain is home to one third of Europe’s LNG import capacity, so a lockdown has the potential to\xa0further gum up the global LNG supply chain if, as seems likely, it leads to a drop in demand for gas and a reduced ability to support scheduled imports.', 'European nuclear power availability is\xa0expected to remain robust\xa0with strict safety measures already being implemented by the major plant operators amid the coronavirus outbreak.', 'Bulgaria’s free energy market association ASEP has\xa0called for measures\xa0to tackle national power market disruption due to the coronavirus outbreak on 16 March.', 'Heightened concerns surrounding the economic fall-out from the coronavirus is set to\xa0further weigh on European energy markets, traders say.', 'Widespread remote working due to the coronavirus is set to\xa0hit European natural gas and power liquidity, according to traders.', 'A number of firms have already asked traders to work from home or are expected to do so.', 'While some trading activities around gas and power dispatching need to be done from a trading floor, most other tasks can be done from home.', 'However, traders indicated it is unlikely to be business as normal with participants increasingly risk averse away from an office environment.', 'The coronavirus outbreak took a toll on\xa0Italian gas demand\xa0in week 11 as the government extended nationwide restrictions against the spread of the virus.', 'If restrictions continue, demand and gas prices are likely to fall further as warmer temperatures follow spring, pressuring consumption for heating. Power prices are also expected to plunge on the back of weaker gas. Gas is Italy’s main source for power generation and the marginal fuel, therefore a price maker for Italian power.', '• Coronavirus\xa0impact on LPG to worsen', '• China’s big three will have sought some LNG volume deferrals as another means by which to deal with the mounting oversupply', '• Incremental demand for gas and LNG this summer will be unusually low', 'The Italian wholesale electricity market has so far\xa0avoided major losses\xa0following the outbreak of the Coronavirus in the country, the strongest so far across Europe.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-are-the-key-policies-that-will-mitigate-the-impacts-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-are-the-key-policies-that-will-mitigate-the-impacts-of-covid-19-on-the-world-of-work/>
{'title': 'What are the key policies that will mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 on the world of work?', 'cont': ['From Alibaba to Ping An and Google to Ford, companies around the globe are telling staff to figure from directly from home in a bid to stem the spread of COVID-19. Such remote functioning at scale is unprecedented and can leave a long-lasting impression on the way people live and work for several years to return. China, which felt the primary impact of the pandemic, was an early mover during this space. As home to a number of the world’s largest firms, it offers lessons for people who are just commencing to embrace the shift. Working from home skyrocketed in China within the wake of the COVID-19 crisis as companies ', ' Around 200 million people were working remotely by the tip of the Chinese New Year holiday. While this arrangement has some benefits, like avoiding long commutes, many employees and firms found it challenging. One employee at a web company quipped his workday changed from ‘996’ to ‘007,’ meaning from nine to nine, 6 days every week, to all or any the time. On the private front, employees found it difficult to manage kids’ home-schooling via video conference while coordinating with remote colleagues. At an organization level, many felt that productivity rapidly tailed off if not managed properly. If done right, remote working can boost productivity and morale; done badly, it can breed inefficiency, damage work relationships, and demotivate employees. These kind of things are happening due to the impacts of COVID-19 on the world of work', 'Teams or whole business units working remotely can quickly end in confusion and a scarcity of clarity. Being isolated ends up in uncertainty about who to speak to on specific issues and the way and when to approach them, resulting in hold-ups and delays. That’s why establishing a structure and architecture for deciding and effective communication is vital. Here, smaller cross-functional teams are helpful, each with a transparent mission and reporting line, where directions and tasks are easy to implement. This also simplifies ', ' who can integrate faster in a very tight-knit group, at a time when the broad sweep of the organization isn’t visible or easy to feel. With fewer in each team, there’s longer to urge to understand one another and build the trust that will grow more organically within the office. At Ping An Insurance, workers are typically grouped in project teams of, at most, 30 members, while larger business units are divided to assist them to stay agile. Strong company-wide foundations underpin this, like having a typical purpose and unified goals. Providing clarity on what decisions to escalate and which of them is tackled at the team level helps drive progress. To mitigate the consequences of closed retail stores, one leading fashion company founded a technique room and redeployed staff into four cross-functional squads to support its front-line. It designed standard ways for live broadcasting and established internal best practices to encourage front-line staff to use new retail tools to drive sales remotely.', '\xa0The lesson: putting in small, cross-functional teams with clear objectives and a typical purpose keeps everyone on the identical strategic course.', 'Managing people is one of the foremost difficult elements of remote working, not least because everyone will respond differently to the cultural shift and challenges of the home-working environment. Leaders have to energize the entire company by setting a transparent direction and communicating it effectively. Offering a powerful vision and a sensible outlook can have a strong effect on motivation across the organization. It’s essential to foster an outcome-driven culture that empowers and holds teams answerable for getting things done while encouraging open, honest, and productive communication. Empowering your team in this way pays dividends.WeSure, a part of leading internet company Tencent, assembled a COVID-19 response team5 at the beginning of the year to supply amount, freed from charge to front-line medical workers.', 'Alan Lau, CEO of WeSure, credited his team, saying that they had worked nonstop, many from remote locations while inactive during the Chinese New Year break, demonstrating how responsive they were to the vision.', 'For managers, the challenge is to guide, inspire, and direct their team in their daily course of labor, while being physically remote. Upping the amount of interaction can even work well here. One chief information officer, responding to a McKinsey survey, said he’s texting the whole company with regular updates because it’s a more human way of communicating than via the official corporate channels. When working within distributed teams, e-commerce giant Alibaba increases the frequency of its one-to-one communications with employees to a weekly basis and, in some teams, members submit a weekly report for his or her colleagues, complete with plans for the week ahead. Alibaba’s productivity app DingTalk (Ding Ding) has features inbuilt to facilitate this by allowing managers to send voice-to-text messages to their teams, and to test in on progress.', 'The lesson: Determining how you communicate is simply as important as what’s being said, and it has to be done confidently, consistently, and reliably', 'As companies transition to the new normal, it’s important to acknowledge that some employees are also facing other pressures reception, including caring for his or her children when schools are shut, resulting in feelings of isolation and insecurity. Business leaders must respect and address these additional needs. ', ', offering how to attach, promote inclusiveness, and make a way of community in a very barren of physical interaction. Increasing social interactions within the team, particularly through one-on-one catch-up, guards against feelings of isolation and demoralization and creates space for people to talk up and share their thoughts. By creating a way of psychological safety for his or her colleagues, being inclusive in deciding, and offering perspective in challenging moments, managers can stay closer to what’s occurring, surface issues, and help their teams solve problems effectively. A similar approach is very important when coping with customers and clients, providing valuable stability and enabling them to navigate unknown waters confidently. As an example, one global bank asked their relationship managers to attach with small-business customers via WeChat and video calls to know their situation and help them weather the crisis. To try and do so effectively at scale, the managers are supported through dedicated product programs, online articles, scripts for communicating with clients, and internal training. Inclusion is that the ultimate show of empathy. Creating outlets for sharing best practices, success stories, challenges, and water-cooler chat are significant to making a person’s connection. Giving employees space to pursue personal or social endeavors, providing a transparent span of control, and assigning meaningful tasks also can spur motivation.\xa0', 'The lesson: Connecting on a private level and instilling empathy within the culture is doubly important when working remotely.', 'Moving to remote working risks disrupting the office-based flows and rhythms and it will be easy to hit the incorrect note or miss important virtual meetings thanks to packed schedules. Spend time along with your team addressing the nuts and bolts of how you’ll work together. Cover the daily rhythm, individual constraints, and specific norms you’ll decide to and anticipate what might get it wrong and the way you’ll mitigate it. How companies plan and review their workflows has to change to reflect this. The challenges of the new working pattern and of not being in one room together will be overcome by creating a digitally facilitated cadence of meetings.', 'One leading insurance firm adopted agile practices across its teams, with a daily and weekly ritual of check-ins, sprint planning, and review sessions. As Alibaba embraced remote working, it also made sure its meetings were more tightly run. One person is assigned to trace time and manage the outcomes. Team members can rate a meeting’s usefulness by employing a five-star system that gives immediate feedback and positive ways forward. To address the challenge of launching a digital business with an oversized remote team, one company created a replacement workflow for product requirements that clearly outlined the use of digital tools, roles, and responsibilities as requirements moved from ideation to validation to delivery stages. Reiteration of decision-making structures like this isn’t always necessary when people can communicate directly, but their absence will be keenly felt when remote working kicks in.\xa0', 'The lesson: Establishing robust working norms, workflows, and features of authority is critical, but only too easy to stint on.', 'The final lesson: Being able to recognize what isn’t working and changing it fast.', 'These are the impacts of COVID-19 on the world of work. Leadership teams that continuously learn actively identify best practices, and rapidly founded mechanisms to share ideas across the organization tend to be most successful within the future. R&D teams at one leading high-tech manufacturer created a productivity target for remote work by estimating their productivity hebdomadally relative to onsite work and identifying levers to enhance it. Within four weeks, they had progressed from 50 percent to 88 percent of their baseline. As China’s workforce begins to return to offices, these lessons from a number of its leading companies help as an example of how—with the correct structure, culture, processes, and technology—working remotely can boost productivity and morale. Employees who spend less time traveling or commuting and have a much better work-life balance are likely to be happier, more motivated, and prepared to mobilize in extreme situations. Embracing remote working allows companies to define a brand new normal that drives productivity and employee satisfaction into the longer term. Alibaba launched TaoBao, by now the world’s biggest e-commerce website, while the staff was working remotely on quarantine during the 2003 SARS outbreak. For Trip.com, an overseas working experiment in 20147 established the foundations for nice customer service and versatile working culture. Hence, bringing together all the weather can enable a brand new way of working that may make your company suited the future—whatever which will hold. These are policies that will mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 on the world of work']}
2022-07-07 01:10:05 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/marketing-drives-results-with-a-focus-on-problems/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/marketing-drives-results-with-a-focus-on-problems/>
{'title': 'Marketing Drives Results With A Focus On Problems', 'cont': ['When\nthe British ruled India, many Indians\naccepted to work under their policy, and they did not try to rebel against the British for\ntheir presence in Indian lands; They recognized the benefits of British rule. What\nwas the factor that made Indians accept the\nBritish government? The perception about\nBritish-policies (about trading, pay-scale, and positioning in the military) had been\ndone through various marketing channels in such a way that it brainwashed people of the nation, and many were ready to accept the British. So the Marketing is like fire when smartly\nhandled; it can destroy your enemies, but when not it can burn you.\xa0 ', 'Marketing is to design and develop a pathway from product or service to the customer through a product, price, place and promotion strategies. Marketing depends on a variety of parameters that can be classified broadly, boiling down to vital three. These are ‘What type of customer are marketing team is focusing on (based on gender, age, location, customer-class) (W1)’, ‘What are Product Specification or Applications you need to bring in front of customer (W2)’, ‘What is your Product Promotion flow path (W3)’, ‘How much time it takes to convey product information to customer (H1)’. These criteria are what I call ‘3W1H’ forms. These basics need to be taken care of while developing a marketing strategy for the upcoming product. However, are they enough? No. There is one more parameter called the Feedback mechanism (FM). Generally, machines use the feedback mechanism to check output generated is as per input is given or not and if it is not, the input is corrected to get the required output. When it comes to human beings, he/she is surrounded by multiple products daily through social media, TV advertising and so forth. Slight uncertainties on either side in observation can make a positive or negative impact on the product on the consumer’s mind. In the feedback mechanism, the marketing team needs to answer only one question “What kind of product image built in the customer mind through promotional activities?” If the product image not built as per expectation, then management has to review and work on 3W1H, as discussed earlier. So let’s elaborate how 3W1H approach works along with feedback mechanism. ', 'After deciding the customer range, you can work on other\nactivities. Since the customer is\nconscious about purchasing the product and\nwhen the product promoted, the first thing the customer will check is its\nusefulness, and if his/her answer is ‘Yes,’\nthen the customer will start comparing with similar alternative products in the\nmarket. Therefore, one should present the\nproduct along with some unique thought\nand express the product in such a way that its image imprinted into the consumer\nmind. For example, the polio campaign in\nIndia. The government had taken the initiative to make India polio-free by\nspreading awareness through all types of social communication mediums, in which\nTelevision played a vital role. Legendary\ncinema actor ‘Amitabh Bachchan’ was selected as an ambassador for this campaign.\nInitially, the advertisement published in which Amitabh pleaded people for vaccinating\nthe children within a fixed schedule. The advertisement circulated throughout the nation, and\nno stone was kept unturned by the government\nto make this campaign successful. However,\nmuch to the surprise, advertising failed miserably to attract a deprived community in polio booth. This promotion failure was because of\nnon-consideration of the customer (W1)\nand how advertise impacted its application on the customer (W2)? So after analysing failure, experts recommended changes\nin their marketing campaign like, to focus on major customer (Here mainly\nvillage woman who generally spend their time in home by watching TV), type of\nimpact on people (People who watched TV during that era, had an image of\nAmitabh as ‘Angry young man’). So the campaign\nimproved their advertising by bringing out the same angry Amitabh instead of\nhis soft-image, which used in the earlier campaign. So in a very next polio\ncampaign number of people in the polio booth suddenly increased and when\nfeedback is taken from people about such a sudden change, they replied that we\ndon’t want to watch ‘Amitabh sir’ getting angry because of us.', 'In\nW3, organisation must focus on what kind of channel use to attract the customer. Currently,\nthere are a lot of platforms available by\nwhich you can market your product. The main\nagenda you should keep in mind is that how effectively you can engage the customer\nthrough marketing, at very first, if you make an\nimpact on customer then only, he can show interest in your product. For\nexample, changes in launching trailers of\nthe upcoming films. Till 20', '\ncentury Television and newspaper were crucial\nfactors, but now along with television, marketing team take help of internet\nresources like Youtube, Facebook,\nintroducing an article on the pre-trailer phenomenon. Increasing the range of promotional devices, broadcast formats and publishing platforms provide a broad range to promote the film and choosing right platform may lead to a massive hit in the box-office. \xa0\xa0\xa0', 'For\nthe last factor (H1) time, the obvious question that comes to mind is that ‘Is time for advertising matters?’, While\nwatching the TV when an advertisement appears,\nmany times we change the channel instead of\nwatching the whole ad or ignore it altogether. You do have an option of ‘Skip ad’ when you watch anything online, so one must decide how much time is required\nto deliver product information during its\npromotion? Delivering product information\nin less time, may create the possibility that the customer will watch it so it\ncan result in attracting more customers. So, the content will be the\nking in the marketing. However, as one\nmust have guessed it, this will not work all the time. Other factors like the cost of the product,\napplication range, type of customer can also affect\nthe H1. For example, the customer would be\nmore conscious while watching higher-priced\nproduct broadcast compare to the lower-priced one. So it would take more time\nfor the marketing team to convince the\ncustomer to buy the expensive good than the lower-priced one.', 'After\nimplementing a marketing strategy as per 3W1H, we need to work on a feedback mechanism in which organization has to collect information about\nproduct image generated in customer’s minds through dealers and using feedback-form. Not using the feedback mechanism may lead to failure in achieving\n‘product sales target’ and can make the situation even worse. Take the example of ‘', ',’ which was mind-blowing one-of-a-kind projects in Indian\nautomobile industry. From the first phase of a marketing\ncampaign, TATA Nano was on so much\ncontinuous limelight that this project was pleased by former American president\nBarack Obama.', '\nThe curiosity about the product\nwas so high that the sale of then-leading\ncar model Maruti-800 was dropped by 20% immediately after unveiling the Nano.', '\nHowever, while marketing the product, an organization built “Affordable, Garibo Ki Car” image in customer’s mind,\nwhich made customers conscious about what will be their status-quo in society\nafter buying Nano? Thus, they started giving preference to two-wheelers over Nano. During the same time, some instances of Nanos catching fire came\ninto focus, which worsened the situation.\nThis case even exacerbates when the team\ndid not work on the feedback mechanism\nand hence, was not able to change customer\nperception about Nano. Later, when Nano fire problem was technically sorted out\nbut even then, the marketing team did not\nmake any impactful effort to market the improved safety of the car. Therefore, customer’s negative perception\nremained stuck and the organization did\nnot even come close to achieving selling\nfigures of Nano. If the organization had used\nfeedback mechanism, it would have been an entirely different story. ', 'So\n3W1H can be an essential factor while\ndeveloping a marketing strategy for the\nproduct along with a reversible FM\nmethod. This method can help us to\nmonitor Product marketing throughout the phases and can help the marketing team to\nchange strategy whenever it goes into the wrong\npath.', '\n', ' \xa0https://www.businesstoday.in/obamas-india-visit/nano-catches-worlds-most-powerful-mans-eyes/story/10144.html', ' \xa0https://www.businesstoday.in/obamas-india-visit/nano-catches-worlds-most-powerful-mans-eyes/story/10144.html']}
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/continued-demand-for-sustainability/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/continued-demand-for-sustainability/>
{'title': 'Continued Demand for Sustainability', 'cont': ['The ', '\nor increase the bottom line to maximize shareholder value. Rather, the concept\nof business is moving towards a new dimension of sustainable business, the', '. ', ' are the core\nideologies that are rooted in sustainable business. Sustainability is taken\ninto account when companies want to create long-term value creation along with\nstrategies that promote the longevity of the company. As corporate\naccountability rises, expectations and need for transparency among stakeholders\nincreases therefore companies have started to recognize the need to be\nsustainable to stay alert and alive. ', 'Business\nglobalization that has happened over the previous few decades has made some\ncompanies more powerful than some national governments, making it easy for them\nto exploit inexpensive labor, plunder natural resources, causing severe impacts\nthrough pollution on the natural environment, human health, and biodiversity.\nUnfortunately for them, their horrible past has been catching up with them like\nin the case of child labor issues of IKEA & Nike, Rana Plaza accident in\nBangladesh affecting Zara, H&M and other clothing brands, environment\npollution by BP, Shell, Exxon Mobil etc. With the emergence of internet and\nsocial media these practices can no longer be covered up and silenced, the\nworld has become more educated and less tolerant and therefore with every\nmisdemeanor that is committed brand equity takes a hit. The media is fast\npicking up on cover-ups, half-truths, and bad corporate behavior and demanding\naccountability and transparency from corporates. Therefore to survive, companies\nare compelled to adopt sustainability and bring forth the rules for their\nsuppliers as well. ', 'Many\nof the irresponsible company practices and disasters that are witnessed in that\nlast couple of decades were motivated solely by short-termism- ', ' and the appeal of short-term performance\nincentives. For instance, deferred maintenance and slack leadership were to\nblame for the 1984 leaks from the pesticide plant Union Carbide India Ltd in\nBhopal. Estimates placed more than half a million casualties from the gas\ndischarge of the plant. Finally, Union Carbide Corporation’s 1989 litigation\npayout came out to today’s equivalent of nearly one billion US dollars. Another\nexample where the company was forced to shut down operations was Coca Cola at\nits Plachimada plant in Kerala. The local communities faced acute water\nshortage after the commissioning of the plant and the company authorities\nblatantly ignored the community woes. These businesses stated above didn’t\nrespect stakeholder engagement which ultimately lead to their untimely demise.', 'Today’s\nissues cannot be solved without participation from all stakeholders, and\ncompanies with influence should be the torchbearers of change. They need to\nengage with regulators, communities, societies, suppliers, and NGOs for\neffective and desired outcomes. Issues where engagement are required include\npopulation growth; global middle-class growth; decline in ecosystems; water\nscarcity; food safety; material resource security; higher global energy demand;\nchanges in geographic patterns of energy consumption; and increasing climate\nchange regulatory interventions.', 'By actively pursuing the triple\nbottom line, the essential possibilities available are:', 'In order for companies to commit\nto sustainability they should have the below objectives in place:', 'Sustainability -triple bottom line- can drive a company’s achievement beyond shareholder value creation by building ', 'and help in addressing social &environmental problems. Several investors today use ESG metrics to evaluate the ethical effect and sustainability practices of an organization. Investors are looking at variables like the carbon footprint of a company, water use, community development efforts, and diversity board before investing. Companies have started responding to investors by publishing their annual sustainability reports. Research indicates that businesses with elevated ESG scores have reduced debt and equity costs and that sustainability projects can contribute to improving economic efficiency while encouraging government assistance. It’s only a matter of time, the flow of sustainability nourishes businesses in achieving holistic development for the environment, people and its profits.', 'Blackcoffer Insights 12 | ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-disease-covid-19-effect-the-impact-and-role-of-mass-media-during-the-pandemic/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-disease-covid-19-effect-the-impact-and-role-of-mass-media-during-the-pandemic/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Effect: The Impact and Role of Mass Media During the Pandemic', 'cont': ['The outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has created a global health crisis that has had a deep impact on the way we perceive our world and our everyday lives. Not only the rate of contagion and patterns of transmission threatens our sense of agency, but the safety measures put in place to contain the spread of the virus also require social distancing by refraining from doing what is inherently human, which is to find solace in the company of others. Within this context of physical threat, social and physical distancing, as well as public alarm, what has been (and can be) the role of the different mass media channels in our lives on individual, social and societal levels?', 'Mass media have long been recognized as powerful forces shaping how we experience the world and ourselves. This recognition is accompanied by a growing volume of research, that closely follows the footsteps of technological transformations (e.g. radio, movies, television, the internet, mobiles) and the zeitgeist (e.g. cold war, 9/11, climate change) in an attempt to map mass media major impacts on how we perceive ourselves, both as individuals and citizens. Are media (broadcast and digital) still able to convey a sense of unity reaching large audiences, or are messages lost in the noisy crowd of mass self-communication? Do social media provide solace or grounds for misinformation, (de)humanization, and discrimination? Can we harness the flexibility and ubiquity of media technologies to increase the public’s adherence to the safety measures suggested by global health organizations to combat the spread of COVID-19? How can different media industries and channels for mass communication promote adaptive responses to foster positive health attitudes and adherence to preventive measures? How media impact the dynamics in the private domain (e.g. strengthen family bonds versus domestic conflict and violence)?', 'COVID-19, coronavirus disease, mass media, health communication, prevention, intervention, social-behavioral changes']}
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/should-people-wear-fabric-gloves-seeking-evidence-regarding-the-differential-transfer-of-covid-19-or-coronaviruses-generally-between-surfaces/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:06 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/should-people-wear-fabric-gloves-seeking-evidence-regarding-the-differential-transfer-of-covid-19-or-coronaviruses-generally-between-surfaces/>
{'title': 'Should people wear fabric gloves? Seeking evidence regarding the differential transfer of COVID-19 (or coronaviruses generally) between surfaces?', 'cont': ['Is there any evidence about whether fabric or bare hands would spread covid-19 more from one surface to another? (e.g. opening a door using a fabric glove). Assuming the fabric doesn’t touch your face, like bare hands easily do, even with efforts to remember not to people struggle to remember. I’ve been thinking of prompts to prevent face touching, such as wearing fabric gloves when out and about, but I don’t want to promote this unless the fabric is at-least-no-worse than hands for transferring the virus between surfaces.', 'I’m talking about use in the community for instance when people have to travel or go to food shops, not in a healthcare context. The gloves should be changed between different settings (e.g. apartment block, bus, shop – switch to a new pair of gloves for each). The gloves should be ironed hot at the end of each day.', 'As far as I can tell from my attempts searching, this is evidence-based, but I’m keen to know from someone who is better at interpreting evidence in this field if it is sensible. ', 'Use fabric gloves to avoid spreading of Coronavirus from outside every person going out for daily work touching every were using these gloves before entering the house remove the glove outside the home and clean hand with sanitizer to kill the virus. \xa0Use of this glove to wash with sanitizer and bowling in water about 60 to 70c is put outside the home for drying in night time morning these gloves are used. Any time you go outside and come back come do this is the better way to avoid spreading of Coronavirus. ', 'Well, the risk of conducting covid19 by using gloves or not the same but the gloves remember us not to touch our eyes, mouth, and nose so don’t get infection properly if you contact an infected patient, at that time wearing gloves become a must.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:07 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/why-is-there-a-severe-immunological-and-inflammatory-explosion-in-those-affected-by-sarms-covid-19/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:07 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/why-is-there-a-severe-immunological-and-inflammatory-explosion-in-those-affected-by-sarms-covid-19/>
{'title': 'Why is there a severe immunological and inflammatory explosion in those affected by sarms covid-19?', 'cont': ['Why is there a severe immunological and inflammatory explosion in those affected by arms covid-19? are these only genetic causes related to the immune response of il6 and macrophages, or would other types of scenarios be related to some environmental element? ', 'il-6 is a marker for macrophages, as an essential and pre-inflammatory marker, but my question is not directed at that already known factor, but what I am asking is the reason for such a brutal response by the immune system.', 'For example, here in Spain one of the parallel treatments is the administration of corticosteroids and anti-inflammatory drugs.', 'And another of the most worrying markers in patients is the increase in ferritin, or that its values are out of range. ', 'The exacerbated response of the immune system, specifically il-6, which in addition to being pre-inflammatory, also has an anti-inflammatory function, depending on which synergies occur with its two types of receptors. R-il-6 and gp 130 this acts as an antagonist, these types of proteins are very typical in endothelial cells or in macrophages.', 'But my question is why this so severe call of il-6 and il-1 by those affected by covid-19.', 'Could it be that the virus’s nexus protein had some synergy with R-il-6 binding to it and in this case, it was acting as an agonist,? and to act, making a call effect. I don’t know.', 'My question is directed more at him, why? of that abrupt and exaggerated call. And in such a short time.', 'Could it have to do with the virus replication speed vs. slower activation speed of T and B lymphocytes?', 'In innate immunity, Monocytes in this case macrophages are cells that present il-6 in their cell membranes, but such a large amount … of response.', 'It is as if the immune response is more associated with cellular damage (DAMP). Why?', 'Even soluble peptides like cathelicidins HDPs that react and are produced by cells of the epithelial tissue of the respiratory, digestive system or the skin itself, which are pro- and anti-inflammatory. and they also act as chemoattraction agents, pro-apoptosis in the case of epithelial cells and anti-apoptotic in the case of neutrophils, they are one more barrier of the innate immune system, yes, but to such an extent of producing that inflammation so severe, and that cell death in such a short time? ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:07 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-do-you-think-is-the-lesson-or-lessons-to-be-learned-with-covid-19/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:07 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/what-do-you-think-is-the-lesson-or-lessons-to-be-learned-with-covid-19/>
{'title': 'What do you think is the lesson (or lessons) to be learned with Covid 19?', 'cont': [', the John Hopkins Center for Health Security ran a simulation called “Parainfluenza Clade X” to determine what the potential would be of a virus pandemic, and they concluded: “…', '\xa0worldwide–two percent of the global population–', '“…', ', with the', '\xa0U.S.\xa0', ', and\xa0', '. Washington is barely functioning–the president and vice president are both ill, one-third of Congress is dead or incapacitated.', '”\xa0', '\xa0(former leader of US Senate),', '\xa0(former head CDC),\xa0', '(former Missouri senator)–', '\xa0and not telling us what they saw in the global virus pandemic simulation only two years ago, and helping lead us out of this mess, with some new simulations???!!!\xa0 ', 'The most important lesson to learn is that you always need to keep a spare ventilator in your garage. Your local hospital might run out just when you need one. ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:07 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-the-unexpected-challenge-for-the-european-union/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:07 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/coronavirus-the-unexpected-challenge-for-the-european-union/>
{'title': 'Coronavirus, the unexpected challenge for the European union', 'cont': ['Since the creation of the EU, we have been through many challenges worst than public health issues.', 'Human suffering and loss of life are always distressing, but member-states have done what they could to curb the spread of infection via the established partition of state boundaries, as well as internally – isolating critical cities and regions.', 'To people living outside the EU, it may seem strange and self-serving, when actually it is not, as the EU is not a unified federal entity with one government, legislation, language and an army.', 'We are however a Christian alliance, although we tolerate other religions too.', 'As we are still in a process of achieving closer integration, in some cases, national law still supersedes supranational (EU) law.', 'As each member-state participates in the EU based first on the citizenship identity of its people, it makes sense that a risk for public health involving contagion would have to be managed on a national basis.', 'This approach also solves language-barriers in hospitals and is more economical for each patient involved.', 'By no means does it mean that cooperation between member-states has stalled, or ceased. Our unity is not challenged.', 'Simply, we are all in need of the same resources.', 'There are not many companies in the EU that can produce extempore the necessary PPEs. Some restructuring of theirs and other companies’ modus operandi is needed, but I have every confidence that we will adjust.', 'Shortages in the human sector (i.e. medical personnel) are more difficult to tackle. ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/industrial-revolution-4-0-pros-and-cons/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/industrial-revolution-4-0-pros-and-cons/>
{'title': 'INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION 4.0 – PROS AND CONS', 'cont': ['Before jumping to the pros and cons of industrial revolution 4.0, it is important to understand industrial revolution 4.0. Industrial Revolution 4.0: Industrial revolution 4.0 is the term that is used to describe the transition from an electronic-based industry to the one that is dominated by the fusion of new and emerging fields and ideas like Artificial Intelligence, robotics, and green energy, etc.', '\xa0‘Industry 4.0’, is the era of digitalization. The term originated from Hanover Messe 2011 and was incorporated in German high-tech strategy. Much is attributed to Klaus Schwab, a German engineer who founded the World Economic Forum. Two years later, the Industry 4.0 Platform (central network for digital transformation) was set up to make it work. It is characterized by 4 physical and digital trends: 1 ', ' (cars, trucks, drones, aircraft, water vessels); 2 3D printing (medical implants); 3 Advanced robotics (Agri to health care); 4 New materials (graphene).', '\xa0']}
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy/>
{'title': 'COVID-19 Vs Indian Economy', 'cont': ['India is on the verge of an unprecedented economic as well as humanitarian disaster from COVID-19. India is facing economic pressure due to the coronavirus outbreak. This outbreak has resulted in a steep slowdown in the Indian economy, whereby India’s GDP has reduced by 4.5% as seen by current statistics. With COVID-19 being into the picture the Indian economy is going through a severe slowdown and on top of that multiple such problems hitting the world of work from many such directions. Companies and industries are finding it difficult to sustain in such an environment of the financial crisis. Industries are being urged to take up certain tough decisions like layoff, retrenchment, compulsive leave without pay and many alternative cost-effective methods to sustain the present economic crisis like cutting down the salaries, handing over the pink slip to employees and opting best possible. The sudden outbreak has presented new roadblocks for the Indian workforce and especially for the daily wage and contractual workers.', 'According to the latest economy forecast by the UN, the probability of countries entering into the recession and companies going bankrupt has increased and India is not likely to “remain decoupled” from the global meltdown. Lockdown across the country is causing significant disruption across multiple sectors including manufacturing, tourism, aviation, real estate, etc are the worst affected. Temporary lockdown resulting in the closing of shopping malls, has affected the Indian economy in a \xa0disastrous manner, adversely as a result of which consumption of essential items has reduced which in turn has given a terrible blow to the retail sector.\xa0\xa0 ', '\xa0According to the statistics from the Economic Times of India, live event industries have seen an estimated loss of ', '3000 crores. A number of young startups have been affected as the funding has fallen and there would be a lack of investors in the market. The disruption of the economy is much starker and alarming than the global financial crisis of 2008, which hit the Indian financial sector. Besides that back in 2008 the Indian economy was much better placed to handle the crisis. According to the data in 2019 the GST collection was expected to be approximately 7.4 lakh crore while the government was only able to collect a total of 5.8 lakh crore that is a total loss of 1.6 lakh crore, the government also faced a setback in the income tax sector as the expected revenue to be collected was estimated to 5.2 lakh crore but the government faced a shortfall of 50,000 crores. The above discrepancies have resulted in insufficient funds with the government Clearly the government does not have sufficient funds to provide relief to the people mainly the labor class, contractual workers and the people working on the basis of daily wages. ', 'Other major industries whose figures of losses are alarming are the Hospitality and tourism industry which employs approx. 4 crore people. In the next 10-12 months it expects 12 lakh job losses which may act as a major factor in revenue lo and revenue losses of ', '11,000 crores. The aviation industry is worth ₹2.2 lakh crore, employing 3.5 lakh people, they expect a revenue loss of ₹4,200 crores just between April and June. India’s retail industry is the total worth of ₹59 lakh crore employing around 4.6 crore people, if the pandemic crisis lasts 3 months further it expects 1.1 crore job losses. The restaurant industry employs 73 people, of whom 14%-15% may probably lose their job. The real estate industry is looking at an approximate 35%-40% job loss. Ride-hailing industries meaning Ola and Uber have approximately 5 million driver-partners, the crisis has led to a drop of 40%-50% in the business. These figures would get even more disturbing in the next few weeks as the country heads into total lockdown. Top car manufacturers like Honda, Hyundai have shut down their car productions. Many other such companies have shut down their production until further notice. This would again lead to more lay-offs. The stock market in India has also seen a breakdown since the lockdown \xa0\xa0', 'Quarantine and lockdowns have disrupted the chain supply across the whole world. As the trade between the countries has come to a halt, it has affected the global economy as well as the country’s GDP. While some industries in India depend on other countries for their raw material, for example the electronics market, it depends on china majorly for its raw material, has seen a major setback as trade between the two countries trade has been seized.\xa0 ', 'The outbreak of the virus has placed tremendous responsibility in the hands of the government. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) along with the government intends to implement below-mentioned measures to deal with the looming economic crisis such as: ', 'An Economic response task force was\nannounced on 19 March 2020, led by the finance minister of India Nirmala Sitharaman,\nto tackle the financial crisis. As of announced on March 26, a $ 23 \xa0\xa0billion dollar package for fighting the\neconomic pandemic has been sanctioned. The spending proposed in the package\nwould amount to about 0.5% of the estimated GDP, while the other countries have\na package of about 4%-5% of its GDP.', 'Everywhere in the world, governments are recognizing that this is no time to worry about fiscal deficits. Instead, they have to do “whatever it takes’’ to come out of this extraordinary crisis. \xa0Immediate and necessary actions are indispensable not only from the Indian government but also from every individual to prevent this health pandemic from turning furthermore into an even greater economic disaster. ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy-2/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy-2/>
{'title': 'Impact of COVID-19 (Coronavirus) on the Indian Economy', 'cont': ['The\ncorona outbreak has hit us hard. With the world economy suddenly coming to a\nstandstill, the future seems more uncertain. The pandemic has shown its worst\neffect in the developed countries most. ', 'The following figure depicts the most affected countries as of March 31, 2020- (Source: WHO)', 'However,\nthe cases in India are still low, with total active cases under 1,500 as of 1st\nApril 2020, but the low number of tests performed remains a big issue of\nconcern.', 'The\nfollowing map shows the affected states in India – (Source: Ministry of health\nand family welfare)', 'The\nnumber may seem small, but if we closely have a look at the daily cases\nreported, then the situation seems more alarming with the growth looking more\nof exponential now.\n \n', 'The\nnumber of cases no doubt are soon going to increase in the future, which is\nhard to predict right now. But the curve is expected to be flatter in case of\nIndia, as the lesson has been learnt from mistakes of countries like Italy and\na nation has been kept under a lockdown.', 'This was a necessary step, no doubt, but it has raised\nmore problems for an already slowdown hit country.', 'The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) said: “A significant 53 percent of Indian businesses indicate the marked impact of the coronavirus pandemic on business operations even at early stages.” The tourism and travel industry has been hit most whose operations have almost come down to zero. The second most hit sector is manufacturing, and with a significant portion of the unorganized sector being employed there, the situation worsens. Healthcare and hygiene products like mouth masks, sanitizers, and handwash have become expensive due to excessive demand.', 'With the present ongoing situation, the followings\nthings can be predicted:', 'The\nIndian economy could react to corona crisis in 3 ways:', 'With the recent cut of India’s growth projections by Moody’s and Fitch, the future indicates a deeper slowdown, if not recession. To come out of this pandemic cleanly and with lesser shocks, the government needs to set its priorities right- with prime focus right now on the medical and healthcare sector as the country is battling against the coronavirus, but along with that, the government should try to take along the lower sections of the society providing them monetary gains as they are the one who is battling with the daily necessities along with the virus. In the long term, the government should keep an eye on the issue of liquidity to keep the cycle going. ', 'But above all this, we as a responsible citizen should\nunderstand our duties and responsibilities towards the country and society and\ntry to take our country out of this outbreak by doing our part.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:08 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19coronavirus-on-the-indian-economy/>
{'title': 'Impact of Indian Economy due to COVID-19', 'cont': ['The Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19),\nInitially emerged in China at the end of\xa0 2019 and by the end of January\n2020, The World Health Organization declared this pandemic as a Public Health\nEmergency of International Concern. This virus\ncauses respiratory illness (like the flu) with symptoms such as a cough, fever,\nand in more severe cases, difficulty in breathing or may cause lung disease.\nSenior Citizens or people under some medical treatment are more likely to\nacclimate to this virus.', 'The impact of this\noutbreak is rapidly increasing at a higher rate than anything else in the\neconomies of various countries of the world. This outbreak is considered a\nsituation like recession or slowdown of the overall economy after the great\nrecession in the year 2008.\xa0', 'India is the\nfifth-largest economy in the world with a population of 133.92 Crores. India is\nstill in its developing phase and its uneven development across regions and\ncommunities adds various complexities in coping up with this kind of pandemic.\nIt also reflects that there is a huge scope for social schism among the people\nof different communities.', 'In India, the first\ncase was reported at the end of January month because people travel from China\nto India. The government of India made special arrangements for the students\nand people who were there in Wuhan for studies and work so that India can save\ntheir people from the effect of this novel coronavirus. The infection rate of\nthis virus is relatively low in India as compared to its population size\nbecause of the rapid actions taken by the government to quarantine people and\nshut borders.', 'Also, the government\nof India announces the suspension of various activities in the country like\nshut down of educational institutes and corporate houses, deferring all tourist\nvisas and postal services, cease all the interstate and intrastate borders\nwithin the country, and terminate all the transportation facilities. The drive\nof social distancing and isolation of infected people also takes place.\xa0', 'The initiatives taken\nby the government of India in accordance with this pandemic outbreak affect the\neconomy in a very drastic way. It changes the way in which the country is\ndeveloping. A lot of disruption is happening all around the nation which\nchallenges the “unimaginably ambitious” aim of the Modi government for\nachieving “$5 Trillion Economy” by 2024.', 'The Indian economy is\ndeemed as the fastest developing economies in the world. India has now emerged\nas a global preeminent player in the world’s economies and at the third-largest\neconomy in terms of purchasing power parity. It consists of numerous sectors or\nchannels such as Hospitality, Education, Retail, E-Commerce, Aviation,\nPetroleum, Banking, Automobiles, Pharma or Healthcare, Insurance, and Railways,\netc. which are going unfavourably influenced by this disruption and through\nwhich the economy is getting affected.', 'The Hotel industry of India has a very vast contribution towards India’s Total Gross Domestic Product. It is the most prominent service sector with market size of $22 Billion in 2019 & the proposed rate of growth by 8.6% till 2025 now becomes a challenge because of this pandemic. The intact turnover of the Indian hospitality sector was sunk between $8.85 billion to $10 billion which reflects depletion of 39% – 45% as correlated to last year’s revenues. The hospitality sector needs to take proactive financial steps to mitigate the impact of COVID 19. It is wholly based on travel, trade, and tourism for its subsistence or existence. This extensive outbreak leads to huge cancellations of bookings in the last months’ leads to the miserable position of hotels in the worrisome declines.', '\xa0Hotels are\ngrappling from crisis amid stringent government restrictions and also\nemphasizing on isolation and social distancing. The impact is very huge and is\nunpredictable but the sector is at its maturity level and focusing on their\nhospitality commitment to and for the society in the best way they can. The big\nhotel chains in India propose their rooms and venues for free of cost or at\nvery highly subsidized rates to the government for the purpose of quarantine\npeople who came back from abroad and to the medical fraternity to use rooms as\nthe isolation infirmaries. Also, the pantries are used for preparing feeds for\nthe needy ones in a proper sanitized manner.\xa0', 'The industry\nprofessionals have to keep an eye on their rivals to check their surviving\npolicies at this consequence and they have to sustain their public image in the\nmarket after analysing the after-effects on their pricing and preservation of\ntheir assets. This industry may exceed after witnessing remarkable assurance in\nthe economy.', 'Education is a pretty essential aspect\nin an underdeveloped country like India. India’s Education sector proposes a\nglorious opportunity to 29% of India’s population which is between the ages of\n0-14 years. There is a foreseen rise in India’s higher education sector of Rs\n2,44,824 crore by 2025 but as the occurrence of the Virus that’s a troublesome\nchallenge. ', 'The COVID-19 outbreak has set off alarm\nbells across the country for the 250 million school going students along with\nstudents enrolled in universities in India. India’s education sector is not\nunaffected, it has given shut down of school, Colleges and other institutions\nthis is basically for social distancing to prevent the cause-effect of the\nspreading virus and be precaution beforehand of the disruption. India has\nresulted in 49.86% of the increase in internet penetration utilized to remit\nlearning. So to permeate the pauses the virtual classes and online classes are\ncatching the drift i.e. a merge turn to the digital learning platform.', 'In the wake of this dilemma and\ngripping the student safety in mind and their scholarly concern, most of the\ninstitutes have taken the action to accommodate the convenience of\ntelecommunication, Skype call, zoom call and admittance to other virtual\nprospects to fill the gap of learning. The examinations are being suspended or\npostponed keeping the concerns of the burgeoning COVID-19 on the masses\nextensively in the consultation.\xa0', 'Undoubtedly, this is a very crucial\ntime for students. Ironically, it has taken the COVID-19 outbreak to get the\nwhole education sector to slip to digital mode and with both humanistic and\ntechnological support. The impact on education is likely to induce losses in\nterms of dropout rates and learning outcomes, especially in regions with low shock\nresilience.', 'The Coronavirus outbreak had a\ndebilitating influence on India’s travel and tourism sector with the industry\nassessing an overall deterioration of ₹ 5 lakh crore with witnessing a 4-5\ncrore people job cuts. It was also scrutinized that online travel agencies were\nset to suffer as much as\xa0 ₹ 4,312 crores, tour operators (inbound and\ndomestic) ₹ 25,000 crores, adventure tour operators nearly ₹ 19,000 crores and\ncruise tourism ₹419 crores. This sector engages employment to the extensive\nsegment of the civilization like miniature homestays and regular wage\nearners.\xa0', 'The time period from December to May is\nvery crucial and important for this sector to attract its customers as people\ncome from outside the country in this time span and also people within the\ncountry travel a lot to spend their summer holidays and also the people who\ntravel abroad. According to ICC, Foreign Tourist Arrivals (FTA) has got fluff\nby about 67% seasonally in January-March, while for domestic tourists, the\nvalue is lower by almost 40%.', 'According to The World Economic Forum\n(WEF), this pandemic is putting up to 50 million jobs in the global Travel and\nTourism sector at risk and out of this, around 30 million would be in Asia.\nIndian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) counsels fixing up of a ‘Travel & Tourism\nStabilisation Fund’ with direct gain transfer to each unit to prevent\ncommercial loss and sequential job loss. It is presumed that it would take up\nto 10 months for the tourism sector to get back to its sustainable level.', 'Travel and Tourism sector bodies had\ncommunicated to the government for interim aid to pay EMIs, instalments, taxes,\nand salaries to operators as the tourism industry is eyeing destitution,\ncessation of industries and mass lay-off. The unskilled people of the industry\nare perceived as the most vulnerable link in the whole industry concatenation.', 'The Indian Banking sector has an\ninfluential pivotal role in the development of an economy as it is considered a\nnecessary service sector in society. India’s banking sector is sufficiently\ncapitalized and well regulated by the regulatory body The Reserve Bank of India\n(RBI). Currently, Indian banking and financial industry is at the fifth-largest\nin the world and has the potential to become third-largest by 2024 and\ncontributing approx 7.7% towards the GDP of India. Although the banking and\nfinancial sector were previously suffering a lot and are on the struggling\nplank because of scams like Nirav Modi, VUCA disruptions like demonetization,\nthe enlightenment of GST in the nation and now with this pandemic.', 'This disruption causes so many problems\nto the retail as well as corporate customers. Indian Banking Association, said\nto bank customers that they should visit the bank branches only in the\nsituation of extreme emergency. The Bank branch cut-offs the working hours in a\nday. Many branches were sanitized under the orders of the state government and\nthe services are kept limited which are most essential in the branches. RBI\nasked customers to use digital platforms for most of the operations and banks\nare operating round-the-clock to assure all digital channels are up to date.', 'However, an appropriate fiscal policy\nresponse should be implemented to uplift the economy from drowsiness to a\nvigorous state. From boosting bank’s liquidity to providing financial relief to\nits customers, RBI announced various guidelines to stabilize the concern of\ncorporate houses as well as MSMEs and retail customers in the wake of this\noutbreak.', 'Banks are now being allowed for a three\nmonths moratorium on payment of instalments regarding all term loans prominent\nas on 01.03.2020. Also, the repayment schedule and tenure of such loans can be\nshifted by 3 months. Further to tackle financially this industry and its\nvaluable customers the RBI also slashed the repo rate by 75 basis points.', 'The Government of India mobilized various committees or task force specifically for COVID-19 and National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA)\xa0to overcome from this pandemic. These committees are here to ensure a harmonized response against this outbreak. The government took all necessary steps to fight against the coronavirus such as introducing a new app for the population named as “AAROGYA SETU APP” which gives essential information about the virus. Such crises also heal the earth back to its natural state with fewer disruptions by humans. It could also be stated that such crises also seed some opportunities in the nation for the better development of the whole economy.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-global-economy/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/impact-of-covid-19-coronavirus-on-the-global-economy/>
{'title': 'Impact of newly discovered coronavirus on the Global Economy', 'cont': ['What is Coronavirus? Is it a disease? How it\nis spread to humans? How Coronavirus affects the world economy? Several\nquestions come in mind when we talk about the Coronavirus.', 'Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus. These are a type of virus that creates sickness in humans. There are many different kinds, and some cause disease. A newly identified type has caused a recent outbreak of respiratory illness now called COVID-19.', 'The COVID-19 virus spreads primarily through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose when an infected person coughs or sneezes. Coronaviruses vary significantly in the risk factors. Some can kill more than 30% of those infected and some are relatively harmless, such as the common cold. Coronaviruses cause colds with major symptoms, such as fever, and a sore throat from swollen adenoids, occurring primarily in the winter and early spring seasons.', 'As it creates much chaos between humans and also affected the whole human diversity, it also creates a disturbance in the economy. The economy is the largest system of trade and industry by which the wealth of a country is made and used. If this economy will not work then the human race will also come to an end. So not only COVID-19 makes the humans sick but also it makes the economy a viral whole. ', 'The impact of coronavirus firstly affects Economic growth which is the factor that creates nation wealth. Economic growth creates wealth on a national scale for the government in the form of taxation, which is then redistributed accordingly to the services and communities that need it the most. Due to COVID-19 industrial production, sales and investment all fell in the first two months of the year which decline the whole economic growth. Such a slowdown in manufacturing industries has hurt countries that are interlinked to each other in terms of exports i.e. Asia Pacific economies, sub-Saharan economies and the USA economies. A reduction in global economic activity has lowered the demand for oil, taking oil prices to multi-year lows. This happens even before a disagreement on production cuts between OPEC and its allies caused the plunge in oil prices.', 'Job creation and employment opportunities are the second most factor which was affected by coronavirus as it often requires the skills and some wilful hands which necessitate in the long term of the business. Longer lasting and more intensive outbreak have half growth the opportunities in 2020 as factories suspend their activity and workers stay at home to try to avoid the virus.', 'Poverty is the third and most important factor which is diversely affected by COVID-19 as employment is not there and everyone was ordered to stay at home. When people will be in their own houses then automatically poverty will increase complimenting the decrease in economic growth.', 'There is also a big shift in stock markets, where shares in companies are bought and sold, affected many investments by the investors and shareholders or individual savings accounts. Central banks in many countries, including India, have slashed interest rates. Supermarkets and online delivery services also have huge growth in demand as customers stockpile goods such as hand sanitizers, toilet paper, rice, and orange juice etc.as the pandemic escalates.', 'At last the COVID-19 normally called coronavirus affects the world economy in a much-disintegrated manner. Some economies in which there are many deaths due to coronavirus will take more time to recover as their economy has gone before 2 years back. The economy can only be revived if the government makes more strict measures and coronavirus can be cured by the vaccine.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ensuring-growth-through-insurance-technology/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/ensuring-growth-through-insurance-technology/>
{'title': 'Ensuring growth through Insurance Technology', 'cont': ['The generally accepted\nsolution to economies stagnating under inefficient and resource sapping state-run\nmonopolies is liberalization. China under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping did\nit in 1978 after witnessing their economic growth falter and surpassed by their\nAsian rivals Japan and South Korea. India did the same in 1991 after being\nbacked into a corner by the balance of payments crisis. The telecom industry in\nIndia was one of the many sectors subject to reform, and the privatization of\nthis industry meant that the total number of subscribers shot up from 37\nmillion in the year 2001 to over 1.13 billion subscribers in 2018. This also\nallowed Reliance Jio in 2016 to disrupt the industry by initiating a price war,\nwhich led to a significant decrease in mobile usage tariffs and large-scale\nconsolidation of telecom giants, the benefits of which the consumers are\nreaping. The stability of this approach in the long term is still under\nquestion; however, it cannot be denied that this change has brought access to\nunprecedented amounts of data to people for whom it was impossible to get\nwithout a significant financial outlay.', 'In a country where despite having close to 18% of the world population at the start of the millennium, its global share in the life insurance market was only 0.49%, a similar change was necessary for bringing insurance coverage to the most vulnerable and underrepresented sections of society. The insurance market was opened up in August 2000 by the then recently formed Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDAI), and 18 years on there has been a noticeable change. According to a research publication by Swiss Re, life insurance penetration, which is the ratio of total life insurance premium underwritten to the GDP of the country, has come up from 2.15% in 2001 to 2.76% in 2017, hitting a peak of 4.60% in 2009. The drop-in insurance penetration is attributed to lesser consumer spending in the aftermath of the global financial crisis and not a systemic issue with the Indian insurance market. Life insurance density or life insurance is underwritten per capita, has increased six times from USD 9.10 in 2001 to USD 55 in 2017. However, the global average insurance penetration rate, including both life and non-life insurance stands at 6.13% compared to India’s 3.69%. Some of our Asian neighbors, such as Thailand (5.29%), China (4.57%) and Malaysia (4.77%) to have outdone us in this regard. Their insurance density is also far superior; the figures for Malaysia, Thailand and China during the same period i.e. 2016 were USD 486, USD 348 and USD 384 respectively compared to USD 73 for India.', 'Like India, these countries have an open insurance market where foreign firms are allowed to enter and impart funds and technological expertise. However, the challenges and nuances that are involved in ensuring greater coverage and access to information for Indian citizens are far different than the ones there. As of 2010, only 7.5% of the Indian population had access to the internet, compared to 56.3%, 34.3% and 22.4% for Malaysia, China, and Thailand respectively. This made them better equipped to fully utilize technological innovations in the insurance sector compared to India. However, with the increasing availability of smartphones, reduced internet tariffs and fast adoption of digital technology, the number of internet users in India stood at 422 million in 2017 according to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) annual report, which is roughly 32% of the total population. The telecom ministry expects the number to reach 730 million by 2020.', 'The key here is to be well poised to take full advantage of rapid internet availability to boost further penetration in the Indian insurance sector and encourage further innovation and liberalization. A lot of emphasis on insurance technology now is laid on Big Data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. PolicyBazaar, which began as a website for simply comparing insurance policy prices has now become India’s largest online policy marketplace, with a market share of 50% in the online insurance space. With a large repository of data gathered over the years, the Yashish Dahiya founded the company is able to offer unique products only sold on PolicyBazaar based on customer profiles, such as pay-per-use motor insurance and insurance policies for a term of up to a hundred years. Using data analytics, the website can also recommend products and add-ons based on the customer’s search trends and profile, to ensure a higher chance that the customer will buy the policy. Aureus Analytics, an Analytics firm founded by Anurag Shah, aims to leverage advanced analytics and machine learning to counter fraud by developing predictive models to assess the probability of a claim being fraudulent. They also use this data to generate customer risk profiles and help speed up the claims settlement. Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has used IoT to introduce an insurance cover for school children during their travel in a school bus. The school children are tracked in real-time using GPS beacons in their identity cards and are protected against accidents under the insurance cover. A working group set up by the IRDAI in January 2018 has submitted a report recommending insurance companies to use wearable fitness devices to track a customer’s health such as blood pressure, heart rate and distance walked and use that data to adequately price premiums for life insurance. These developments indicate a clear shift towards the greater adoption of new technologies in the insurance sector. The huge potential that lies in the relatively untapped Indian insurance market has been realized and insurance companies must now work towards this end. The limits of FDI in the insurance sector was raised from 26% to 49% in 2014 and similar to single-brand retail, the government has been mulling increasing the FDI limit to 100%. According to an article by Advait Rao Palepu and Subrata Panda, who sourced their information from Venture Intelligence,\xa0the total investments in insurance and insurance marketplace companies in India increased from USD 518 million in 2016 to USD 1.49 billion in 2018 led by global investment firms such as SoftBank, WestBridge, KKR, and Temasek. Armed with foreign funding, technology and copious amounts of data, the insurance sector in India is set to change in unprecedented ways. The spread of online insurance marketplaces will give greater access to information and options for purchasing policies to the rapidly growing base of Indian internet users, circumventing the need for brokers and lengthy paperwork, and what was once seen as a daunting process of selecting, paying for and claiming insurance policies will become more streamlined and efficient with the use of machine learning, analytics and automated processes. ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/blockchain-in-fintech/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:09 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/blockchain-in-fintech/>
{'title': 'Blockchain in Fintech', 'cont': ['Blockchain or the Distributed Ledger Technology has\nalready been around for some time now. Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, based on\nthe Blockchain technology, are making entry into the formal finance world and\nincreasingly becoming a medium for exchange. Though there are many potential\nuse cases for Cryptocurrencies and the Indian Government is very critical about\nimplementing the technology in banking and finance, it still has a lot of\nissues to be resolved before we can commercially use it for transactions. ', 'Some of the most important drawbacks of\nCryptocurrencies like Bitcoin right now are as below:', 'So, it becomes important to have a cheaply available\nvalidation mechanism that can be carried out using a basic broadband connection\nin-home/small business computers. If two people have personal transaction\nhistory, it’s unimportant that it should be posted on the main blockchain every\ntime a transaction takes place as it could bloat up the blockchain. Moreover,\neveryday transactions using cryptocurrency is not possible as the cost of\nposting a transaction for. Let’s say buying a coffee, can be more than the\nprice of coffee itself.', 'Lightning Network is the latest disruptive technology\nbeing researched currently in Fintech to make cryptocurrencies scalable. It\nbasically adds\nan extra layer on top of the main Bitcoin Blockchain and enables payment\nchannels between two parties over this layer. Micropayments for everyday\ntransactions can be very easily carried out using this channel. Here is how it\nworks:', 'Suppose A buys a coffee\nfrom the nearby coffee shop B daily on her way to work. A and B decide to open\na channel on the Blockchain for their everyday transactions. Once the channel\n(or the Lightning Network) is open, the two parties can keep a track of their\ndaily transactions on this ledger. At the end of the month, with the ledger\nreflecting balances left with each party, they decide to close the channel.\nThis final transaction is then recorded on the main Bitcoin Blockchain. This\nreduces the cost of the transaction and enables micropayments for everyday\ntransactions.\xa0 Micropayment channels can defer updating the main\nblockchain with remaining balances at a later date. A large network of\nmicropayments can be created as a secondary layer on top of the main blockchain\nto address the scalability issue and reduce transaction fees. Although this solution\nis very much in the initial stages, resolving the scalability issue and\nreducing transaction fees by taking the transaction out of the main blockchain\nwill give a big boost to the use of Cryptocurrencies.', 'The two parties exchange a single key for validation\nof their spend transactions. They can conduct an unlimited number of transactions\non this channel and finally when one party closes the channel, the balances\nwill be added to the blockchain.', 'The network is globally scalable since to reach any\nperson through connected channels network, you just need to know the path to\nconnect to that person through leveraging your existing network. Once the\nnetwork develops in future, the requirement to open a separate channel too\nwould cease to exist since the algorithm will automatically find the shortest\nroute to connect to the person whom you want to pay based on the exhaustive\npeer to peer network. This would ease inter-country transactions and money can\nbe sent across internationally within seconds.', 'Since the channel for Lightning Network is separate and not connected with the main Blockchain, it will not be backed by the security of the original Blockchain. This can be a major concern for its widespread adoption and the companies should research extensively into this. Another challenge is its dependency on the internet. The Lightning Network is not capable of storing coins digitally in a hardware wallet. This makes it prone to hackers since the wallet will be available online. Also, transferring large amounts of money is something that needs further detailed research, since bigger payment might struggle with routing in the network.', 'Nevertheless, this technology is really fascinating and has a very broad usage through the implementation of Bitcoins and Distributed Ledger in everyday life. Once this is rolled out for customer experience, micropayments will be possible between two parties on Blockchain, just as we currently have wallets to transfer money for small purchases. The Lightning Network has a long way to go and is surely going to become the next big disruption in Fintech domain after Blockchain.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:10 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/blockchain-for-payments/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:10 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/blockchain-for-payments/>
{'title': 'Blockchain for Payments', 'cont': ['between having a tight budget and being seriously stretched thin for money. Dangerously enough during the second month of my MBA, I was treading on the prospect of the latter. It struck me that I could find my savior in an uncle who lived in San Jose and was the type who always saved for a rainy day. With online payment avowedly ubiquitous and simple, it seemed like a no-brainer to me. One tap on an app and I would be rid of this predicament I had found myself in. Quickly enough, he initiated a fund transfer via Xoom, a PayPal service. I was dismayed to learn it would take all of three days for the money to finally reach me!', 'One would believe that in the era of globalization and high-speed internet payments would be fulfilled in a trice. But contrary to expectations, I learned that most cross-border payments are subject to numerous go-betweens and channels rendering them behindhand especially in some parts of the word. A complex series of interactions involving banks, merchants and other parties underlie the seemingly non-complex act of initiating payment on the user-friendly one quick Interfaces. Anyone who has transferred money between countries recently realizes the process has evolved little in decades. Too slow, untrustworthy and too expensive are the gripes. And as more of us become plugged into the globalized economy, the scale of the problem is surely going to skyrocket. This begs the need for if a 21st-century digital solution to cross-border payments which could be faster, less expensive, more reliable and transparent.', 'Consider the case of Ashok Chandra, a mid-tier textile exporter. His business entails frequent wire-transfers to Dubai and Indonesia. These wire-transfers can take up to 3 days causing Mr. Chandra to worry about delays in addition to working capital constraints. He feels left in the dark regarding the standing of his dealing and out of pocket high fees', 'Such wire-transfers are often a major deterrent to the volume of trade. Small to medium-sized enterprises, above all, suffer from payments difficulties. It may take weeks for a cross-border payment to settle, which may place the brakes on the business’s liquidity, and build friction between customers and suppliers. A McKinsey survey found that global payments looks set to be a $2-trillion industry by 2020, accounting for a third of banking revenues. Nearly 70 percent of mid-sized B2Bs in the U.S. strongly preferred digital channels for payment approval and foreign exchange transactions emphasizing the dire need for efficient and real-time payments.', 'The payments industry is grappling for the backend\nto catch up with the apparent convenience which payments apps seek to provide.\nOver the years, the size of import and export trade between the U.S. and China\nhas burgeoned to more than half a trillion dollars.', 'Presently payment suppliers have to pre-fund accounts on either facet of dealing in native currencies. this may be costly and result in a poor deal for purchasers. Benefitting from favorable exchange rates which come as an added advantage of faster payments is crucial as well.', 'Blockchain is touted as the solution for global business ills by its ardent supporters. The next big disruptive technology in the payment space Blockchain can ease Cross-border payments in several ways. The distributed ledger technology (DLT) that underlies cryptocurrencies is currently being deployed by a few providers as the answer. Roughly seventy percent of prime international banks are experimenting with it, and recently some big implementations are underway', 'The distinctive point of blockchain – that reciprocally distrusting parties, geographically agnostic, will reach a sure agreement electronically is a banker’s dream. For about the same transaction fee and a more competitive forex rate, API-based blockchain platforms can significantly cut down processing time. This can significantly cut-down costs after nearly a century long-stagnant processing fee of traditional banking. Kuangyi Wei, head of research and market engagement at management consultancy Parker Fitzgerald estimates that it can save a third of the current operating costs.', 'Blockchain thus offers a cryptographically secure and\xa0trusty\xa0platform\xa0with high transparency. It further enables the bypassing of typical Forex rates. Small and mid-size firms like that of Mr.Chandra’s can thus reap the benefits of the best rates for their business.', 'Giants like IBM\nare working on designing a universal, cross-country blockchain payments\nsolution that can herald instantaneously inter-bank transfer. This would\nrequire streamlining multiple steps involving multiple stakeholders transacting\nin different currencies.', 'Distributed ledgers are changeless databases area unit maintained by a network of computers, instead of a centralized authority, and secured by advanced cryptography. These are often described and clunky and difficult to maintain. They require enormous computing power to reconcile everything. The matter is further aggravated by the volume of cross-border payments, banks, and jurisdictions.', 'Centralized databases area unit still a lot of\neconomical than blockchains. Over-sold and over-hyped area unit different words\nutilized in this context, managing expectations on what blockchain are able to\ndo are vital.', 'Operational resilience has additionally become a significant issue for central banks and regulators. considerations raised regarding DLT embrace privacy, security, measurability, and competition', 'Only time can tell if Blockchain will eventually become the panacea of payments it is heralded to be.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:10 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-future-of-investing/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:10 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/the-future-of-investing/>
{'title': 'The future of Investing', 'cont': ['An investment is a resource or thing procured with the objective of producing pay or appreciation. Economically, investment is to buy products that are not expended nowadays but are utilized within the future to make riches. Financially, an investment can be a money related resource acquired with the idea that the resource will give wage within the future or will afterward be sold at the next cost for a benefit. ', 'The desire of a return within the frame of wage or cost appreciation is the center preface of investment. The range of resources in which one can contribute and earn a return may be an exceptionally wide one. Hazard and return go hand-in-hand in contributing; moo chance, for the most part, implies moo anticipated returns, whereas higher returns are ordinarily went with by higher chance. At the low-risk conclusion of the range are essential ventures such as Certificates of Store; bonds or fixed-income rebellious are higher up on the hazard scale, whereas stocks or values are respected as less secure still, with commodities and subordinates for the most part considered to be among the least secure ventures. One can too contribute in something as ordinary as arrive or genuine bequest, whereas those with a taste for the obscure – and profound pockets – seem to contribute in fine craftsmanship and collectibles.', '– Worldwide fresh investment in renewable vitality expanded by 2% in 2017 with add up to exchanges moreover expanding 1%. The industry finished 2018 with modern ventures of $279.8 billion and exchanges totaling $393.8 billion. 2018 is on track to be another solid year for venture with add up to unused ventures within the industry at $211.4 billion through the third quarter.', 'Green innovation ventures are taking an assortment of shapes, with increments in wind control and electric vehicle improvements, the establishment of renewable control capacity coming to unused highs and noteworthy increments in open showcase speculations around the world. Over the globe in 2018, Asia-Pac is driving venture with solar-powered developments drawing within the most noteworthy financing. Thus, what was once unimportant see into the long-run has without a doubt presently gotten to be a reality as nations around the world are making considerable ventures year over year in green innovation.', 'Green innovation contributing, too alluded to as clean innovation contributing, regularly includes the choice of ventures in companies with maintainable and naturally neighborly hones and products/services. Whereas a few clean advances offer advancements that increment asset efficiency and proficiency, others diminish the natural effect. As green innovation proceeds to rise as a developing drive, a few solid industry clusters have developed with shifting levels of speculation as development patterns rise and alter.', 'Investment isn’t saved for those with parts of additional cash or associations to money related proficient. Anybody can contribute, and you don’t need much to urge begun. In reality, pennies will do fair fine. How you inquire? A progressively prevalent way is through a developing drift, made a difference by the most recent in-app innovation, called miniaturized scale investing. As the title infers, small scale contributing permits you to contribute cash in little sums, regularly automatically. Most smaller-scale contributing happens through mobile-based stages. You’ll make investments—you truly do invest money, and more on that fair ahead—or check your account on the go along with your cellphone or tablet. The thought is that little speculations made at frequent intervals can include up without much exertion or wallet torment. We are a “right here, right presently” culture, and in case we are able to arrange a modern combine of shoes whereas strolling down the street.', 'Depending on the sort of app you employ, smaller-scale contributing can cruel distinctive things. One way to miniaturized scale contribute is to utilize an app that rounds up the dollar sums on buys you make on a credit or charge card and redirects the additional cash to a speculation account. (There are too miniaturized scale reserve funds apps that occupy additional alter to a reserve funds account. These accounts are for the most part FDIC safety net provider and, not at all like venture accounts, are not subject to showcase risk.) Using an app on your phone, you enter a few individual data, counting your credit or charge card number or multiple account numbers, since you’re frequently able to interface various cards to your account. You must reply a few extra questions planned to decide the sort of investments that fit your venture objectives and work together with your chance resistance. A few small scale contributing apps utilize calculations to make a hazard profile based on your reactions to different questions, at that point make suggestions on how and where you ought to invest your money.', 'At that point, you ended up as an investor. After you spend $7.50 for a sandwich at lunch, the app rounds up your buy to the closest dollar ($8) and naturally exchanges $0.50 to a venture account. Once your round-ups are large enough (say $5), you’ll be able to utilize that cash to buy stocks or other ventures, or the app might make buys for you naturally based on your venture profile.', '– The chart underneath visualizes how an AI procedure can select stocks based on a better dimensional see of the world.', 'In this case, the target could be a portfolio of developing markets equities that shows cautious, esteem characteristics. The chart maps all recorded values within the rising advertise values (MSCI EM IMI) universe. Each security is plotted on the surface based on its facilitates to tall dimensional esteem and profit highlights, which are each characterized as a portion of the AI approach. ', 'The vertical pivot appears how protective these include combinations have been on normal between 2013 and 2017. The higher the crest, the more cautious in down markets. The more profound the trough, by differentiate, the less cautious. On the proper side of the visualization, a two-dimensional cut appears where well-known developing showcase names — portrayed by their esteem and profit characteristics — finished this period.', 'This approach characterizes a complex and advancing choice boundary, outlined by the maroon form, inside which stocks are chosen to develop a portfolio. This choice boundary speaks to a steady, defensive/value locale of the outline. It may be a nonlinear locale that’s tall dimensional and advances as showcase conditions alter. Stocks inside the choice boundary tend to display protective characteristics per se, but the strategy moreover recognizes stocks that tend to have future profit pay development potential as well.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:10 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/big-data-analytics-in-healthcare/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:10 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/big-data-analytics-in-healthcare/>
{'title': 'Big Data Analytics in Healthcare', 'cont': ['Quality and affordable healthcare is a vision of all governments across the globe. The high cost of Medical service and lack of sufficient infrastructure is detrimental to this vision. In developed countries such as the U.S., reducing healthcare cost is an agenda point of all the politicians.\xa0 Even in India, affordable healthcare will be as important as ', 'in the near future. ', 'Technology can play a big role in reducing healthcare cost and making it more efficient. The vast quantity of data is available with Hospitals and insurance providers. Big data can play a big role in analyzing this data to produce actionable insight. Some of the benefits of using big data are as follows,', 'Fraud has a big\nimpact on everyone. In fact, the National Healthcare Anti-Fraud Association\nestimates that fraud costs Americans at least $33 billion to $55 billion\nannually – that’s approximately 3-5% of the nation’s health care spending of\n$2.26 trillion. For example: Sometimes, providers or hospitals report\nprocedures or services that were never provided. ', 'Big data analytics can help an insurance company to discover these frauds. Big data can use a huge amount of historical data to identify expected procedure or service for reported illness (identified using diagnosis code). If the expected procedure code doesn’t match with a billed procedure code, insurance companies can tag claim as a potential fraud claim. Once a claim is tagged as a fraud claim, the manual examiner needs to do additional verification to ensure that the claim is submitted by fraud provider.', 'Sometimes, patients’ fake identity to get the benefit of insurance. Using big data, companies can match patients’ information with services he/she has taken. If services taken by the patient is very different from the past medical history of patients, analytics can tag claim as one of the susceptible fraud claims.', 'Traditional health care providers find it difficult to store a vast amount of data. More ever, traditional database stores only structured data. Big data can solve storage issue by handling huge volume and variety of data. Having historical data of the patient can reduce healthcare drastically. ', 'It is very tough to get a Physician’s appointment in developed countries. One of my friends, senior director in a multinational bank, got an appointment for hip replacement surgery with a waiting period of six months. He was not able to sit and as a result, he didn’t drive or come to the office for six months. The waiting period can be drastically reduced if the hospital is able to forecast the number of patients likely to miss appointments. Based on historical data, hospitals can predict the number of no shows and can accordingly schedule appointments so as not to miss any slot because of no shows.', 'If a health insurance company pays an amount to hospital/provider that is greater than the contracted amount for service, payment is called an overpayment. Similarly, if payment made is lesser than the contracted amount for service, payment is called an underpayment. Overpayment or underpayment is a big headache for both insurance companies and patients. According to AHA data, private insurance companies have consistently overpaid hospitals for inpatient care for more than three decades. These overpayments have varied significantly over the years, but have grown dramatically in the past few years. ', 'Overpayment or underpayment can happen because of multiple reasons such as system glitch, a coding error. Using cognitive analysis, big data can predict the payment amount. If the predicted payment amount is significantly different than the actual payment amount, the system can identify possible overpayments or underpayments. ', 'Throughout the world, healthcare is based on diagnosing the presence of disease and subsequently treating the disease if present. Early diagnosis of the illness is a major challenge. Patients do go for diagnosis only when the symptom is evident.\xa0 It becomes challenging for the physician to treat illness once illness grows beyond a certain level.', 'Predictive or preventive can help to identify if an individual will develop a disease. Different forms of health device such as iWatch can capture data and send to the hospital at regular interval of time. Using predictive analysis, the hospital can predict if a patient is likely to develop an illness. Early diagnosis of illness can help doctors to treat patients effectively and at a lower cost. ', 'Predictive treatment can reduce the number of days a patient needs to be admitted in the hospital. As inpatient treatment is costlier than outpatient treatment, doctors can discharge patients if he/she thinks that the condition of the patient is not serious. The hospital can monitor the patient remotely using medical sensors and can call the patient to the hospital when it is required. ', 'Big data plays a big role when a person suffers from multiple illnesses. As per Dr. Abhishek Rai, M.S. Ortho of K.E.M. Medical College Mumbai, “', '”. As an example, it’s tough to operate on a person suffering from diabetes as blood doesn’t coat easily for a diabetic person.\xa0 If a physician doesn’t have historical data of a diabetic person, he/she may operate diabetic person wrongly. ', 'Another example where big data analytics can play a huge role in predicting disease is a genetic disease. If a person has breast cancer, her child is 15-20 percent likely to develop breast cancer. Using big data analytics, the system can identify patients likely to suffer from genetic disease and request patients to do timely screening. Genetic diseases can be screened in first, second- or third-degree relatives to reduce the morbidity and mortality.\xa0 ', 'In India, it takes 2-3 days on an average to get an MRI scan. Delay is not because of lack of medical instruments but because of lack of qualified radiologists. This problem can be mitigated by integrating Medical imaging with big data. Integration of medical imaging with big data will ensure that radiologists get the report in a short span of time. Big data will help not only to reduce the turnaround time required to get reports but also to get better reports. Technology can convert image to graphs and charts making it easier for radiologists to read the report. ', 'As data works on the principle of abundance instead of scarcity. So, the more data we have, the better the outcomes can be obtained. Thus, Big Data technology is clearly the digital disruptor to revolutionize the healthcare sector by consolidating the data from disparate platforms to build a 360-degree view about the human body and help the healthcare provider to generate solutions to life-threatening problems and improved healthcare opportunities.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/business-analytics-in-the-healthcare-industry/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/business-analytics-in-the-healthcare-industry/>
{'title': 'Business Analytics In The Healthcare Industry', 'cont': ['Analytics is a statistical scientific process of discovering and presenting the meaningful patterns that can be found in data. While business analytics refers to the skills, technologies, applications, practices, computer programming and operations research for the continuous exploration of data to gain insight that drives business decisions.', 'Business analytics technology\xa0is helping healthcare organizations regulate existing data to improve clinical and business operations. In addition to this, analytics help to identify the symptoms of diseases in preliminary stages itself along with suggesting possible remedies for the same without any need of the intervention of a human being. With the help of analytics and chatbots patient can now look for expert doctor advice in the comfort of their home free of charge in most of the cases with as easy accessibility as one-touch from your smartphones.', 'According to\nthe survey conducted by Health Catalyst, a whopping 90% of the respondents\nadmitted that analytics is going to be either “extremely important” or “very\nimportant” to their organization within the next few years. And the respondents\nalso rated the importance of healthcare trends and the role played by analytics\nin them.', 'Analytics is thus becoming very crucial in tracking different types of healthcare trends. Advanced analytics touches every aspect of\xa0healthcare software systems\xa0including clinical, operational and financial sectors.', 'Healthcare organizations have begun to adopt technologies like PACS imaging systems and EMRs or Electronic Health Records that attempts to make sense of the massive data that flows through the system (both structured and unstructured). Hence, it is important to know what are the tools that can extract information from the data to generate value and enjoy operational, financial and clinical insights.', 'There are genome analyzers and other analytics tools in the market that help in understanding the facts, and eliminate unwanted/useless details to extract only what’s needed. The end result of this is better clinical outcomes for the patient. There are several ways in which healthcare organizations can make use of information collected through various sources.', 'The following examples indicate successful applications,\nbuilt on a foundation of advanced analytical capabilities, in the healthcare\nindustry:', 'Predictive analytics is key to enabling hospitals to\nproperly manage their readmission rates and sidestep costly penalties while\nsimultaneously addressing important aspects of patient treatment and care.', 'Analytics\xa0are changing roles in the healthcare industry. \xa0An increasing number of informed patients are taking more responsibility for their own care.\xa0 Likewise, physicians are finding more satisfaction with their positions as positive effects increase.\xa0 More time spent with individual patients has increased which gives physicians the chance to form a trusted relationship with the patient.\xa0 Physicians want to spend time with their patients – to know them, interact with them, and help them.\xa0 When the time to develop a relationship is diminished, the physician is less satisfied with his or her profession.', 'Analytics has\nchanged the way the healthcare world operates. \xa0With the ability to\ntransform the way medicine has been practiced for years, analytics have\nresulted in improved health, reduction in diseases, and more satisfied patients\nand physicians.', 'Combine artificial intelligence with data analysis\xa0and\xa0machine learning IoT, and it is easy to provide proactive care to patients. Hence, it would be a good move to invest in analytical solutions that can control and mitigate clinical and financial risks, with new payment bundles and models to go with it.']}
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.core.engine] DEBUG: Crawled (200) <GET https://insights.blackcoffer.com/challenges-and-opportunities-of-big-data-in-healthcare/> (referer: None)
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.core.scraper] DEBUG: Scraped from <200 https://insights.blackcoffer.com/challenges-and-opportunities-of-big-data-in-healthcare/>
{'title': 'Challenges and Opportunities of Big Data in Healthcare', 'cont': ['To begin with I shall first like to explain what big data is and why it has become so important in our lives. Big data is simply data, but with a huge size. Data that is not just voluminous but also growing exponentially with time. Such data sets are so large and complex that it is not possible to store or process them using traditional data management tools. So, how huge can this data be? Social media sites like Facebook generate more than 500 terabytes of new data every day in the form of photos, video uploads, text messages, etc. A single\xa0Jet engine\xa0can generate\xa0more than 10 terabytes\xa0of data in\xa030 minutes\xa0of flight time. With many thousand flights per day, generation of data reaches up to many\xa0petabytes. Data contained in these sets are not always structured. It can be semi-structured or even unstructured. When such is the size and dimension of data we can well imagine how complicated it must be to process and analyze it. Therefore, modern methods of data analysis are being developed and used to process the information contained in big data sets.', 'Now coming to the opportunities that Big Data provides, they are not just limited to healthcare. Big data analysis is now a disruptive technology which has intervened into numerous fields and proved its worth. Healthcare is no exception. Big data has the potential to change the entire dynamics of the healthcare industry and improve the quality of life of people. Healthcare industry is a very large and complicated system. It involves a lot of risks and always demands better care. However, when a large number of patients seek emergency care the complications as well as the cost rise exponentially. In India, many times, we even lack sufficient infrastructure to support the patients, there is a deficit of beds as well as doctors to provide treatment to the patients. For instance, when epidemics break out and lives are lost at a very alarming rate, we can easily gauge our helplessness. However, the scenario is certainly improving now. With the advent of digitization into the healthcare system, healthcare providers or practitioners are now having access to a huge amount of patient health data. This healthcare big data can be processed and analyzed to identify patient patterns more quickly and effectively. The information obtained can be extremely useful to figure out chronic health issues and provide preventive treatment plans well beforehand so as to curb that disease or disorder from occurring. This method is also known as predictive analysis and it is one of the most crucial benefits of big data in healthcare. This technology can help the healthcare industry in more ways than we can infer. Healthcare organizations that have implemented predictive analysis have witnessed a reduction in ER visits by providing support and care to patients and decreasing emergency situations.', 'Apart from reduced ER visits and timely treatment, there are many other benefits of big data and predictive analysis. Patients with high-risk life-threatening issues can be provided with more customized treatment facilities. Due to lack of data, there exists a lack of proper planning in hospitals. Under or over-booking of staff, lack of medical equipment, medicines, and other facilities are a result of inefficient budgeting and ill-management of finances. Using predictive analysis these problems can be solved which will lead to reduced costs and efficient management of finances. Better staff allocation and admission rate prediction shall facilitate improvement in daily operations of healthcare organizations. By using big data the effect of recency bias could be reduced as well. When we give more importance to recent events and tend to ignore the effect of the older ones, it may lead to incorrect decisions. This is known as recency bias. Big data also helps in preventing fraudulent activities which in turn prevents losses of insurance companies. ', 'While all of this is changing the healthcare industry for the better, it is not that easy to reap the benefits of big data. There are a whole lot of challenges and vulnerabilities attached to its implementation. One of the biggest challenges is security. Healthcare big data contains the personal information and health history of patients. Acts of hacking, cyber theft and phishing pose a serious threat to these databases. Such data could be stolen and sold for huge sums of money. Protection of the patients’ privacy hence is a serious challenge to big data implementation. Also, the data would contain external data apart from medical information. The organization, therefore, has to take care of privacy, legal compliances, and government policies. Privacy and security of patients have to be given utmost importance and no breach of any kind can be permitted.', 'The next challenge is data classification and modeling. The size of the data is massive and it is less structured and heterogeneous. Classifying such massive data to identify relevant information is a big challenge. Modeling of such unstructured data is equally difficult. ', 'Storage and retrieval is another major challenge. Huge cloud servers with sufficient space are required to store such voluminous data. Also, the speed should be high so that uploading of data can be done hassle-free. The way storage is a challenge, retrieval also is a matter of concern. Integrating the data and getting all relevant systems to link each other is a tough job. ', 'The next challenge is a major one in my opinion. Finding the right\ntalent who own the expertise to implement this modern technology is an arduous\ntask. Shortage of required talent is a crisis in the market today. Even after\nhiring the right talent it is a challenge to retain them. Scarce resources like\ndata scientists are hard to find and even harder to retain. They are easily\npoached by competitors. A good and efficient compensation strategy, conducive\nwork environment, high incentives, opportunities for career growth and development\ncan be some of the ways of retaining such intellectual talent. ']}
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.core.engine] INFO: Closing spider (finished)
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.extensions.feedexport] INFO: Stored csv feed (150 items) in: file://E:/Blackcoffee/Textanalysis/Textanalysis/spiders/content.csv
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.statscollectors] INFO: Dumping Scrapy stats:
{'downloader/request_bytes': 42178,
 'downloader/request_count': 151,
 'downloader/request_method_count/GET': 151,
 'downloader/response_bytes': 6749487,
 'downloader/response_count': 151,
 'downloader/response_status_count/200': 151,
 'elapsed_time_seconds': 48.808244,
 'feedexport/success_count/FileFeedStorage': 1,
 'finish_reason': 'finished',
 'finish_time': datetime.datetime(2022, 7, 6, 19, 40, 11, 451367),
 'httpcompression/response_bytes': 22855683,
 'httpcompression/response_count': 151,
 'item_scraped_count': 150,
 'log_count/DEBUG': 302,
 'log_count/INFO': 11,
 'log_count/WARNING': 1,
 'response_received_count': 151,
 'robotstxt/request_count': 1,
 'robotstxt/response_count': 1,
 'robotstxt/response_status_count/200': 1,
 'scheduler/dequeued': 150,
 'scheduler/dequeued/memory': 150,
 'scheduler/enqueued': 150,
 'scheduler/enqueued/memory': 150,
 'start_time': datetime.datetime(2022, 7, 6, 19, 39, 22, 643123)}
2022-07-07 01:10:11 [scrapy.core.engine] INFO: Spider closed (finished)
Files Generated
Analysis Completed - Output File Generated

E:\Blackcoffee\Textanalysis>
